Aww, look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper, wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two
Baby you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you
Sit down bitch! You move again I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay)
Don't make me wake this baby! She don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do!
Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you?!
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue?!
Oh, what's the matter Kim, am I too loud for you?!
Too bad, bitch! You're gonna finally hear me out this time!
At first, I'm like: "Aight, you wanna throw me out; that's fine!"
But not for him to take my place! Are you out your mind?!
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?! Look it, Kim!
Look at your husband now! (No!) I said, look at him!
He ain't so hot now, is he, little punk?!
(Why are you doing this?!) Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! You're never gonna get away with this!)
You think I give a fuck?! Come on! We're going for a ride, bitch! (No!)
Sit up front! (We can't just leave Hailie alone! What if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back; well, I will: you'll be in the trunk!
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
You really fucked me Kim! You really did a number on me!
Never knew me cheatin' on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim! I was only eighteen
That was years ago! I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up! (I love you!) Oh God, my brain is racing
(I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station!
I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!)
There's a year-old little laying dead with a slit throat
In your living room! Ha-ha! What, you think I'm kidding you?!
You loved him didn't you? (No!)
Bullshit, you bitch! Don't fucking lie to me!
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole! Yeah, bite me!
Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly, don't you?
(It's not that!) No, you think I'm ugly (Baby)
Get the fuck away from me! Don't touch me!
I hate you! I hate you! I swear to God, I hate you!
Oh my God, I love you! How the fuck could you do this to me?!
(I'm sorry!) How the fuck could you do this to me?!
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
Come on, get out! (I can't! I'm scared!)
I said get out, bitch! (Let go of my hair!)
(Please don't do this, baby! Please! I love you!)
(Look, we can just take Hailie and leave!)
Fuck you! You did this to us! You did it! it's your fault!
Oh my God, I'm cracking up, get a grip Marshall!
Hey, remember the time we went to Brian's party
And you were, like, so drunk that you threw up all over Archie?
That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes) That was funny, wasn't it?! (Yes!)
See, it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife, and during the struggle
He accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced! (No!)
And while this is going on, his son just woke up and he walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut! (Oh my God!)
So now they both dead, and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note!
I should've known better when you started to act weird
We coulda... hey, where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me Kim! It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself!
Ha-ha, got ya! Go ahead, yell!
Here, I'll scream with you! "Ah, somebody help!"
Don't you get it bitch? No one can hear you!
Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you!
You were supposed to love me!!
Now bleed bitch, bleed!! Bleed bitch, bleed!! Bleed!!
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you

1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, you better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late
1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late
Who's afraid of the dark?
Responsible for the murders in the park
When I bark, they hear the boom, but you see the spark
And I see the part of your head which used to be your face
Leave you placed by nothin', for bluffin', what a waste
Niggas wanna see me taste my own medicine
Picture that, get on some old second grade shit, I'ma get you back
Retaliate, if it hates for you to think I took a loss
When all I did was shook it off
Yeah, you heard me, shook it off
Man, if we was up north, niggas would have been fucked
But then we in the streets, niggas should haven been stuck you
Plucked you like a chicken, wit' your head cutoff
They'll find you wit' your back open and your legs cutoff
And as for your man, don't you ever in your motherfuckin' life
Know when I gotta gun, come at me wit' a knife, aight?
And forgettin' you ever saw me is the best thing to do
Don't give a fuck about your family, they'll be resting with you
1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late
1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late
You got yourself in a predicament, that you can't get out of
You already in some shit, but it's about to get hotter
Fuckin' wit' a, nigga like you, runnin' your mouth
Will, have that same nigga like you, gun in your mouth
But won't be like the last time when you run in the house
'Cause I ain't knockin' on the door
I'm comin in the house and I'm gunnin' for your spouse
Tryin' to send the bitch back to her maker
And if you got a daughter older then 15, I'ma rape her
Take her on the living room floor, right there in front of you
Then ask you seriously, what you wanna do?
Frustratin', isn't it? When they kill me, but I'ma kill you
Now watch me fuck just a lil' while longer, please, will you?
This is revenge, no time before you die
And despite how much I hate to see a grown man cry
I'ma make you suffer, see your ass in Hell, motherfucker
Click, boom boom!
See your ass in Hell
1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late
1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late
When I speak you better listen
The harder it gets, the more follows
And I'm hittin' 'em wit' shit that they can't all swallow
I keep my slugs hollow, keep families with sorrow
Keep motherfuckers like you, not seein' tomorrow
I will borrow a gun, then run 'til I catch you
Let you slip up, just once, and I'ma wet you
Stretch you out like a limousine
'Cause where I catch you is where I catch you
That's what killin' means
Fuck whoever's standin' there when you get what you got comin'
'Cause once I hit you in your head, the witnesses start runnin'
Niggas started somethin', but they chose not to finish it
So I'ma wrap it up, for real, dog, 'cause I'ma win this shit
Fuck it yo, let's end this shit, I don't need the plaques
And I ain't a DJ, nigga, so I don't need the wax
Gimme slugs from my gats
Gimme hoods from my rats
Gimme wood from my bats
When they meet, where the fuck y'all at? Forreal
1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late
1, 2, X is comin' for you
3, 4, better lock your door
5, 6, get your crucifix
7, 8, don't stay up late

Ay Em, you know my favorite white boy right
I, I owe you for this one
I've been patiently waitin' for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can get stunned if you want and yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin' I'm a fuckin' fall off you're so wrong (It's 50)
I'm innocent in my head
Like a baby born dead
Destination heaven
Sit and politic with passengers from 9-11 (Yeah)
The Lord's blessing leaveft me lyrically inclined (Uh-huh)
Shit, I aint even got to try to shine (Woo)
God's the seamstress who tailor-fitted my pain
I got scriptures in my brain
I could spit at your dame
Straight out the good book
Look niggas is shook, 50 fear no man
Warrior, swing swords like Conan
Picture me pen in hand
Writin' lines knowin' The Source will quote it
When I die they'll read this
And say a genius wrote it
I grew up without my pops
Should that make me bitter?
I caught cases, I copped out
Does that make me a quitter?
In this white man's world
I'm similar to a squirrel
Lookin' for a slut with a nice butt to get a nut
If I get shot today my phone'll stop ringin' again
These industry niggas ain't friends
They know how to pretend
I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can get stunned if you want and yo' ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin' I'm a fuckin' fall off you're so wrong (It's 50)
I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can get stunned if you want and yo' ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin' I'm a fuckin' fall off you're so wrong (It's 50)
You've been patiently waiting
To make it through all the hate
Debating whether or not
You can even weather the storm
As you lay on the table
They operating to save you
It's like an angel came to you
Sent from the heavens above
They think they crazy
But they ain't crazy lets face it
Shit basically they just playing sick
They ain't shit they ain't saying shit
Spray 'em 50, A to the K get in the way
I'll bring Dre and them with me
And turn this day into fucking mayhem
You staying with me?
Don't let me lose you
I'm not trying to confuse you
When I let loose wit this Uzi
And just shoot through your Izuzu
You get the message
Am I getting through to you?
You know it's comin'
You motherfuckers don't even know, do you?
Take some BIG and some Pac
And you mix 'em up in a pot
Sprinkle a little BIG L on top
What the fuck do you got?
You got the realest and illest killers tied up in a knot
The juggernauts of this rap shit like it or not
It's like a fight to the top
Just to see who die for the spot
You put your life in this
Nothin' like survivin' a shot
Y'all know what time it is
Soon as 50 signs on this dot
Shit, what you know about death threats
'Cause I get a lot
Shady Records was 80 seconds away from the towers
Some cowards fucked with the wrong building
They meant to hit ours
Better evacuate all children, it's nuclear showers
There's nothing spookier
Your now about to witness the power of fuckin' 50
I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can get stunned if you want and yo' ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin' I'm a fuckin' fall off you're so wrong (It's 50)
If the gun squad hearin all the shots go off
It's 50, they say It's 50
See a nigga laid out
With his fucking top blown off
It's 50, man that wasn't 50
Don't holla my name
Niggas shouldn't throw stones
If you live in a glass house
And if you got a glass jaw
You should watch your mouth
'Cause I'll break your face
Have you ass runnin'
Mumblin' to the jake
Your goin' against me dog
You makin' a mistake
I split ya, leave you lookin' like the Michael Jackson jackets
With all them zippers
I'm the boss on this boat
You can call me Skipper
The way I turn the money over
You should call me Flipper
Your bitch a regular bitch
Your callin' her wifey
I fucked her feed her fast food
You keepin' her icey
I'm down to sell records but not my soul
Snoop said this in '94
We don't love them hoes
I got pennies for my thoughts, now I'm rich
See the 20's spinnin', lookin' mean on the 6
Nigga's wearin flags
'Cause the colors match they clothes
The get caught in the wrong hood
And filled up with holes, motherfucker
I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can get stunned if you want and yo' ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin' I'm a fuckin' fall off you're so wrong (It's 50)
I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on (Yeah)
You can get stunned if you want and yo' ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
It feels like my flow's been hot for so long (Yeah)
If you thinkin' I'm a fuckin' fall off you're so wrong (It's 50)

You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge
Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggaz With Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed off
Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off
You too, boy, if ya fuck with me
The police are gonna hafta come and get me
Off yo ass, that's how I'm goin out
For the punk motherfuckers that's showin out
Niggaz start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo
Goin off on a motherfucker like that
With a gat that's pointed at yo ass
So give it up smooth
Ain't no tellin when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep yo dancin
With a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act the motherfuckin fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knockin niggaz out tha box, daily
Yo weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy you can't fuck with me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
Coz Ice Cube is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stompin
But when I come back, boy, I'm comin straight outta Compton
Yo Ren
Whassup?
Tell em where you from!
Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga
More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this
But the pussy ass niggaz don't show this
But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jackin the crops
Just like burglary, the definition is 'jackin'
And when illegally armed it's called 'packin'
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece o' pussy, I go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'm a call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to
But that shows me, slut, you're composed to
A crazy muthafucker from tha street
Attitude legit cause I'm tearin up shit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb muthafucker that starts static
Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, coz I'm the motherfuckin villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin
That's takin place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton...
Eazy is his name and the boy is comin...
Straight outta Compton
Is a brotha that'll smother yo' mother
And make ya sister think I love her
Dangerous motherfucker raises hell
And if I ever get caught I make bail
See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfuckin cop I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showin a nigga drivin
But don't know where the fuck he's going, just rollin
Lookin for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload, see I'll get over the hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the last penetration
Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin
But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin
So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her!
You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker!
This is the autobiography of the E, and if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brotha who will smother
Word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton
Damn that shit was dope!

I used to love her, too bad I had to put a slug through her
Dumped her body in the trash like I never knew her
Blood runnin down the gutter into the sewer
Her body stunk for weeks like horse manure
Now the police are looking for the boyfriend, I'm the suspect
Forensic files, evidence, panic the public
Domestic abuse, custody battles, bitch made me go crazy, I had to stab her
Plus I didnt like her ex-boyfriend anyway
She never knew today would be her last day
When she came over, I gave her a rose
Then slit her throat and watch her shake untill her eyes close

I didn't mean to (i didnt mean too)
I fucked up again (i didnt mean too)
I made a mistake and killed my ex-girlfriend (i didnt mean too)

Man this bitch wasn't innocent, she was guilty by far
Found a used jimmy hat in my car
And she had told me she was going to her mothers, well...
She can tell it to the Devil in Hell
I waited for the bitch to get off work the next night
Slapped her in the back of the head with a pipe
Bitch fell to the floor, bleedin out of her nose
I need a handsaw, a few garbage bags, and a hose
It wasnt premeditated, it was preaggravated
You think I wanted to cut this bitch up man? I hate it
Man, why she do me like this? When i brought this bitch chocolates too?
what the fuck, she's through, what are you gonna do?

I didn't mean to (i didnt mean too)
I fucked up again (i didnt mean too)
I made a mistake and killed my ex-girlfriend (i didnt mean too)

No "Hello's" just "Goodbye's"
You know why she had to die? Cause she's a liar
Chopped her up and threw her in the bonfire
But I kept her head with the transcripts read
Your honor I didnt kill this bitch, her family just wants to see me burried
Cause me and her didnt get married. Is that neccessary?
Instead, I chopped her up and carried her head around in a bag
With a fourty-four mag
Hailie's crying for her mommy
He didn't commit suicide, I killed your cousin, Ronnie
Trying to stay up out the county
But how can I do that with all these shady cops around me?

I didn't mean to (i didnt mean too)
I fucked up again (i didnt mean too)
I made a mistake and killed my ex-girlfriend (i didnt mean too)

Stealing runs rampant in Harlem
Gambling runs rampant in Harlem
All types of evils and vices that terrified our community
Run rampant in Harlem
The microphone is through when this rap legend grab it
Sendin' poems to have them fagots diggin' hoes like Reverend Swaggart
L's the nigga that crime follows
I'm hittin' fine models and stabbin' punks with broken wine bottles
I beat chumps 'til they head splits, then break em like breadsticks
I sex chicks, I'll even fuck a dead bitch
Always sprayin' Tecs, because I be stayin' vexed
Some nigga named Dex, was in the projects layin' threats
I jumped out the Lincoln, left him stinkin'
Put his brains in the street now you can see what he was just thinkin'
I'm chokin' enemies 'til they start turnin' pale
Satan said I'm learnin' well, Big L's gonna burn in hell
Front and get scarred cause your rap style ain't even hard
I run with a thievin' squad, and none of us believe in God
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
I got styles you can't copy bitch, it's the triple six
In the mix, straight from H E-double hockey sticks
Every Sunday, a nun lay from my gun spray
Fuck Carlito, we doin' shit the Devil son's way
Every minute, my style switches up, they said a real man
Won't hit a girl well I ain't real cause I beat bitches up
I use words that's ill, L got nerves of steel
I'm cool, but every now and then I get a urge to kill
I'm takin' lives for a great price, I'm the type
To snap in heaven with a Mac-11 and rape Christ
And I'm fast to put a cap in a fag chest
The Big L smash stress, cause hell is my address
I'm on some satanic shit, strictly, little kids
Be wakin' up cryin', yellin', Mommy Big L is comin' to get me
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
I keep a cutie with a soft booty, hoes be runnin' up
Can I get your autograph L? No bitch, I'm off duty
I'm breakin' hottie hearts, niggaz drop when my shotty sparks
It ain't no food in my fridge; just body parts
I keep the gear fresh, I keep the braids rugged
I never wear rubbers bitch, if I get AIDS, fuck it
A beef with me, you better prevent it 'cause in a minute
I'll jump out a tenant rented, and leave a nigga body dented
And my swoll knob your main girl cold slobbed
And gave a blow job to my whole mob, with no prob'
Aiyyo crazy bitches slept with L
Then they niggaz got mad and tried to step to L
But I'm sicker than a nigga that's in special Ed so I suggest
You spread pretzelhead, 'fore I turn your white sweatsuit red
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own
'Cause one-three-nine and Lennox is the danger zone
Where no man can withstand or hold his own

Word up son, word
Yeah, to all the killers and a hundred dollar billas
(Yo I got the phone thing, know I'm sayin'? Keep your eyes open)
For real niggas who ain't got no feelings
(No doubt son, keep your eyes open)
(I got this, I got this)
(Just watch my back, I got your front, yo)
Check it out now
(Word up, say it to them niggas, check this out it's a murda)
I got you stuck off the realness, we be the infamous
You heard of us, official Queensbridge murderers
The Mobb comes equipped for warfare, beware
Of my crime family who got 'nough shots to share
For all of those, who wanna profile and pose
Rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone
You all alone in these streets, cousin
Every man for they self in this land we be gunning
And keep them shook crews running, like they supposed to
They come around but they never come close to
I can see it inside your face, you're in the wrong place
Cowards like you just get they whole body laced up
With bullet holes and such
Speak the wrong words man and you will get touched
You can put your whole army against my team and
I guarantee you it'll be your very last time breathing
Your simple words just don't move me, you're minor, we're major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player
Don't make me have to call your name out
Your crew is featherweight, my gunshots'll make you levitate
I'm only nineteen but my mind is old
And when the things get for real my warm heart turns cold
Another nigga deceased, another story gets told
It ain't nothing really, ayo dun, spark the Phillie
So I can get my mind off these yellowbacked niggas
Why they still alive I don't know, go figure
Meanwhile back in Queens the realness and foundation
If I die I couldn't choose a better location
When the slugs penetrate you feel a burning sensation
Getting closer to God in a tight situation
Now, take these words home and think it through
Or the next rhyme I write might be about you
Son, they shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look
Living the live that of diamonds and guns
There's numerous ways you can choose to earn funds
Some get shot, locked down and turn nuns
Cowardly hearts and straight up shook ones, shook ones
He ain't a crook son, he's just a shook one
For every rhyme I write it's 25 to life
Yo it's a must, in gats we trust, safeguarding my life
Ain't no time for hesitation, that only leads to incarceration
You don't know me, there's no relation
Queensbridge and we don't play, I don't got time
For your petty thinking mind, son, I'm bigger than those
Claiming that you pack heat but you're scared to hold
And once the smoke clears you'll be left with one in your dome
13 years in the projects, my mentality is what, kid?
You talk a good one but you don't want it
Sometimes I wonder do I deserve to live
Or am I gonna burn in hell for all the things I did?
No time to dwell on that 'cause my brain reacts
Front if you want kid, lay on your back
I don't fake jax, kid, you know I bring it to you live
Stay in a child's place, kid you outta line
Criminal minds thirsty for recognition
I'm sipping, E&J got my mind flipping
I'm bugging, digging my ways out of holes by hustling
Get that loot kid, you know my function
'Cause long as I'm alive I'ma live illegal
And once I get on I'ma put on all my people
React quick, spit lyrics like MACs, I hit your dome up
When I roll up, don't be caught sleeping 'cause I'm creeping
Son, they shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
(We live the life that of diamonds)
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Living the live that of diamonds and guns
There's numerous ways you can choose to earn funds
Some get shot, locked down and turn nuns
Cowardly hearts and straight up shook ones, shook ones
He ain't a crook son, he's just a shook one
Yeah, yeah, yeah
To all the villains and a hundred dollar billers
To real brothers who ain't got no feelings, yeah
The whole Bridge, Queens get the money
41st side, keepin' it real, you know
Queens get the money

One 44, two 45's
3 loaded clips, 4 niggas roll, one nigga drives
500 benz, 6 reasons why
This kid should die
We shooting every motherfucker outside
Pulled on his block, jumped out the car, guns in our hand
At the same time everybody ran
There that nigga go, hiding in the crowd
Let the trigger blow, 7 shots now he lying on the ground
Blood on the floor
Then we shot some more
Niggas he was with
2 niggas hit, one nigga fell
One tryed to run, go get him son
Make sure he's done before we bail, I ain't trying to goto jail
Must handle beef, code of the street
Load up the heat, if these nigga think they could fuck around
Real niggas do real things
By all means, niggas knowing how we get down, it goes
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Driving through roads, suburban chevrolet
6 tinted windows, and I'm on my way
To get up with my hoes, I pull up to they house
Not a freak to be heard, nobody came out
Ringing the bell, where in the hell
Could they be at, I'm about to leave
Steppin' slow, where my truck was at
Who the fuck is that?
Could it be a jack?
Now pull my strap, it's my man
And we have the same plan
There them bitches go
Civic '94, looking funny though
Open up the car door, funny smile
Fuck 2 already, 3rd ass was heavy
"Nas this is sherri, sherri this is nas, and his man, ready?"
Walked in the house, snatched off they clothes
Ran through them hoes
Plenty ice, that they all seemed to like
Can't find my man, heard a blam blam
Now I'm wondering, "in this scam, do I even stand a chance?"
He killed the hoes, took all they doe
Fire in his eyes, higher than the sky
Coming down the stairs
Now he wanting mine, reaching for my nine
Aiming with our guns at each others face, at the same time
My nine on his lips, his fifth on my chin, I start whispering
"put your gun down, we can skip town"
Rocked him to sleep, pushed back his meat
Lift off his chain
Took his shit, emptied out close range
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder

Shit
Feel this
If your hoped we wouldn't make it, fuck you (fuck you)
Talk with a heart full of hatred, fuck you (fuck you)
And you said we wouldn't cake it, fuck you (fuck you)
Only my man blood is sacred, cocksucker, fuck you
Yo, everybody's a snake
That's why I try to keep the grass cut
So I can see 'em when they coming
Then I heat they ass up
'Cause' them niggas that you went to school with
Will catch you while you in your new whip
And turn your brains into Cool Whip
Niggas that you running round getting ass with
Ain't gon' help you do nothing but carry your casket
Got the nerve to ask Kiss why I smoke so much
And how I'm such a young nigga that seem to know so much
While you was running round pumping for niggas
I was listening
And you still pumping for niggas
I'm coming through visiting
You heard, L-O-X came through in a yellow Lex
And hop out with the Air Force One's with yellow checks
And you liable to see me Dolo, icing the Rolo
Burner under the Polo, a lot of y'all is homos
Funny style niggas never down with me
Type that go to the bathroom, sit down and pee
I'll empty your house, back of your cribs, smacking your kids
Bullets going through your leather, cracking your ribs
Don't even hit me on my hip if I ain't give you a call
And I ain't got a home phone number, I live on the road
Now I'm getting bigger checks, conference calls with bigger 'xecs
Bigger bracelets with bigger begets,
Fuck y'all
All I do is get high, and think of faving you all
Motherfuckers hit 'cha knees and just pray to the Lord
I'd rather die today than live tomorrow
Then watch you crab motherfuckers just steal and ball
Put in my work, you might get put in a church
Funeral time, everybody kissing the corpse
Learn the ropes, stone rip if you soft, you pissing me off
Call me S.P., and I spit on your boss
You can die cause this shit might happen to me
But I'mma still happen to be, packin' the three
Fuck with bitches that be wrappin' the keys
And the niggas that bug over drug money, clappin' the D
Shoot in the breeze, nine in the boot, full of trees
One in the morning, catch me with a gun on the corner
Let you know it's all real and you can front if you want to
I understand, fuck it dog, die in the can
I say you pussy, you won't die for your right-hand man
As well as your left, niggas trip, fell into death
They touch you, only thing else to say is fuck you
A-yo, y'all niggas ain't hardcore, all my niggas is homicide
What you know about getting shot, letting the drip dry
Letting the spit fly, seeing sparks whiz by
Putting a MASH on niggas like Klinger and Horgi
So soft you smushy, I blast 'til your shit is gushy
Should be the head Cat in the Broadway play, you pussy
Fuck with Sheek, Ouija board spell "Death"
You can talk that beef shit, I hope that deep shit
Be as deep as you inside the fucking cement
Or you can deep sea dive, with no scuba gear
I'll drown you with your snorkel on, bitch, breathe out of there
Whole team rich, never seen a summer like this
Baking hot, and you can sled ride down my wrist, neck, and hand
When it comes to coke, I can make a snowman, shit
Play in this shit make a angel with it
And I don't give a fuck about that 380 that y'all share
Between the 10 y'all with the same 8 bullets from last year
When I bust I use snubs, denim flee in the spot
The hand I write with need a oven glove, my shit so hot
I want the most, Roley only work when it's next to my post
Fuck a present gimme a yacht master, regular bezzy
Then I'm good when I'm in the hood and I'm on the block
You got a gut feeling about shit, nigga, that means you shot, what
If you hoped we wouldn't make it, fuck you
Talk with a heart full of hatred, fuck you
And you said we wouldn't cake it, fuck you
Only my man's blood is sacred, cocksucker, fuck you
I'll tell you in your face, fuck you
Pull it off my waist, hit you up, fuck you
And watch you die on the street, fuck you
Whoever feel sad at the funeral, fuck them too

[Intro: George Clinton]
The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes
Lookin' hard but won't realize
That they will never see the P!
You must be goin' blind

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Give me my money in stacks and lace my bitches with dime figures
Real niggas fingers on nickel-plated 9 triggers
Must see my enemies defeated
I catch 'em while they coked up and weeded
Open fire, now them niggas bleedin'
See me in flesh and test and get your chest blown
Straight out the West, don't get blown
My adversaries cry like hoes, open and shut like doors
Is you a friend or foe? Nigga, you ain't know?
They got me stressed out on Death Row
I've seen money, but baby, I've gots to get mo'
You screamin', "Go 2Pac!" and I ain't stoppin' till I'm well-paid
Bail's paid now, nigga, look what hell made
Visions of cops and sirens, niggas open fire
Bunch of Thug Life niggas on the rise, until I die
Ask me why I'm a boss player gettin' high
And when I'm rollin' by niggas can't see me!

[Chorus: George Clinton]
The stares of a million pairs of eyes
And you'll never realize
You can't see me

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Been gettin' word that these square motherfuckers with nerves
Sayin' they can get with us, but picture me gettin' served
My own mama say I'm thugged out
My shit be poppin' out the record store as if it was a drug house
My lyrics bang like a Crip or Blood
Nigga what! It ain't nothin' but a party when we thug
And there I was, a young nigga with heart, ain't had shit to lose
Pullin' my pistol on them fools, you know the rules
D-R-E, you got me heated; my words like a penitentiary dick
Hittin' bitches where it's most needed
Money and weed, Alizé and Hennessy
To my thug niggas in lock down: witness me
Bail on these hoes in floss-mode
The life of a boss player, fuck what you thought though
My enemies deceased
Die like a bitch when my album hit the streets; niggas can't see me!

[Chorus: George Clinton & 2Pac]
Niggas can't see me
They can't see me
Which way did he go, George?
Which way did he go?
Oh!! Which way did he go?
Which way did he go?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
You niggas made a mistake
You should've never put my rhymes with Dre
Them thug niggas have arrived and it's judgement day
Hey homie, if you feel me
Tell them tricks that shot me that they missed, they ain't kill me
I can make a motherfucker shake, rattle and roll
I'm full of liquor, thug nigga, quick to jab at them hoes
And I can make you jealous niggas famous
Fuck around with 2Pac and see how good a nigga's aim is
I'm just a rich motherfucker from the way
If this rappin' bring me money, then I'm rappin' till I'm paid
I'm gettin' green like I'm supposed to
Nigga, I holla at these hoes and see how many I can go through
Look to the star and visualize my debut
Niggas know me, player, I gotta stay true
Don't be a dumb motherfucker 'cause it's crazy after dark
Where the true thug-niggas see your heart; niggas can't see me!

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Yo, check this out: stay off his dick

[Outro: George Clinton & 2Pac]
Niggas can't see me
Right before your eyes, I'll disappear from here
You niggas can't see me
You can't see me
I know it's hard nigga, I'm all up in your face
But you still can't see me
You can't see me
All up in your range, but niggas can't see me
20/20 vision won't visualize
I'm in the flesh, baby, but you can't see me
All those glasses won't help you realize
You blinded, you blinded, you can't see me
You can't see me

Thug Life, baby
Don't believe everything you read!
Alizé and weed
You can't see me, right before your very eyes
You won't even visualize, you can't see me
Dr. Dre all day, 2Pac
Niggas can't see me
I dedicate this to you punk motherfuckers!
This one's for you, BIG baby
'Cause you bitch-ass niggas can't see me
Niggas can't see me
You can't see me

See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil
You won't see me
Yeah, first you see me, now you don't
Wanna see me, but you won't
Come to see me, but you can't
Oh, you can't see me
You can't see me
Right between your eyes and you'll never realize
Right before your eyes, you won't even realize
Visualize what you can't see

Snuck up behind him, had his hands in his pocket
Too my pistol out, unlocked it
Pulled the hammer back and - cocked it
And left his shit all on the carpet
I seen a (murder, murder) I pin-pointed my target
I'm making my way up out the building
I got the nigga that I came here to get, notify his children
That they old man done fell up out the game
Because I came to this motherfucker
And killed his ass just like Jesse James
Think it's a motherfucking game?
I come around this motherfucker and kill yo ass just like Jesse James
What's my motherfucking name?
There'll be no witnesses to this homicide
No re-enactment on the late night news to be re-dramatized
All you got is a nigga with a dot
In the middle of his motherfucking head he been shot
Dropped in the middle of the floor and he ain't breathing
And the nigga's on the go cause we ain't seeing
He did his dirt and got the fuck up out the picture
The hollow point just hit ya, out of line, so it got with ya
Call the motherfucking helicopter
But ain't no hope, cause the Tina broke that nigga off a hella proper
That oughta hold your monkey ass (motherfucker, you)
That oughta teach your funky ass (motherfucker, you)
I know this motherfucking game is shift
And you done lost the fucking game of life
And that's a motherfucking shame
You let a nigga come around and do yo ass just like Jesse James
And that's a motherfucking shame
You came around this motherfucker and let me do ya like Jesse James
Think it's a motherfucking game?
Wait, this motherfucker got me bent, I gots to, break
Because this nigga done put his hands all up in my, face
He best to chill before I hit him with this, lace
And catch this motherfucking case
Cause once I hit it blind, once I get him blind
Because I'm true to myself, fuck the dumb shit
You ain't no motherfucking gangsta, gee
And when I get up out your ass you gon' realize it just ain't to be
It ain't no studio up in me
And all that bullshit I'm hearing you talk only offends me
And lately I'm under a lot of pressure
It seems to me you can't come clean, so yo, I gots to check ya
I pull my .45 and (buck, buck, buck, buck)
And right before he die I (fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck)
I could give a motherfuck about the sentence
I snatch yo ass up off the hinges cause I'm (Screaming for vengeance)
Cause life has no meaning, no meaning
We were all born to die, so no screaming
Think it's a motherfucking game?
I come around this motherfucker and cut yo ass just like Jesse James
Put out your motherfucking brains
I come around this motherfucker and do yo ass just like Jesse James
Think it's a motherfucking game?

I been quiet for too fucking long so now its time to break the silence.
I start with the killing so fuck stopping the violence.
I got something for your monkey ass. So peep.
Better yet like a stray dog I put your ass to sleep.
No more faking and taking my snaps.
Sorry fool, Eiht goin' step 'n get the straps.
Geah, I puts my work in and fuck up your shit.
Now you gotta bow down and suck a fat dick.
Mmm. I guess that's what you get when you try to play.
Try to come up with that mutherfucking he say.
Or she say, or what the fuck did that fool say?
Punk bitch, I'll mop that ass up anyway.
don't misbehave, cause you'll be a slave.
Another fronting mutherfucker in a early grave.
Geah, you got over fool because your ass was sly.
But a dead nigga tell no lies.
Another fool on my shit list.
And now the punk bitch want to play games.
No competition so I'll mention no fucking names.
Just like a rat, she likes to squeel.
But you squeeled on the E, so what's the deal?
Geah, you spread rumours for humour G.
But the shit ain't funny, so humour me.
And um, ain't no more of your bullshit I'm having.
Geah, Tired of the fucking back stabbing.
Soul in the bozac, as I stack.
To your jaw I start to mack. Like a fool don't clap.
And um, it ain't over till the fat bitch spit.
Well the fat bitch is about to spit shit.
To save your sorry ass from the mash.
So who really gives a fuck if I tap that but.
So um, when your ass is gone, they'll wonder why.
But a dead nigga tell no lies.
Get ready for the last mutherfucking trip.
As I pop in another mutherfucking clip.
Geah, one more busta, another mark.
Fool your kinda fake, talking about you fucked the Eiht.
Damn, another sorry bitch with some street slang.
Peel his cap cause we ain't from the same gang.
Talking about you'll shoot the Eiht from the top of the tree.
Nigga please, I might drop you to your fucking knees.
Try to lay low, but you know you can't escape.
Why'd you have to diss me on your underground tape.
Now you hang your shit up on a shelf.
Didn't you know, you'd be fucking your own self.
Quick draw McGraw, on the fucking draw.
As you scheme on my team I take 2 to your jaw.
Geah, you got over fool, but you know why.
Cause a dead nigga tell no lies.
Geah, Eihthype in a mutherfucking effect.
For the nine deuce to get loose.
My nigga Mike T is in the house. Dj Slips in the mutherfucking house.
My nigga 'Times in the house, Rick's in the house.
My nigga Chill's in the house, Boom Bams in the house.
And we outta here....

Stick me for my paper
Stick me for my paper
Stick me for my paper
Who the hell is this paging me at 5:46 in the morning?
Crack of dawn and now I'm yawnin'
Wipe the cold out my eye
See who's this paging me and why
It's my man Pop from the barbershop
Told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
Some people wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
Slow down, love, please chill, drop the caper
Remember all your peoples from the hill up in Brownsville
That you rolled dice with, smoked b- and got nice with?
Yeah, little Fame up in Prospect
Nah, them my peoples, nah, love, wouldn't disrespect
I didn't say them
They schooled me to some chumps that you knew from back when
When you was clockin' minor figures
Now they heard you're blowin' up like nitro
And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
So, thank Fame for warnin' me, 'cause now I'm warnin' you
I got the MAC, Biggie, tell me what you gonna do
Damn, why they wanna stick me for my paper?
Damn, why they wanna stick me for my paper?
Damn, why they wanna stick me for my paper?
Damn, why they wanna stick me for my paper?
They heard about the Rolexes and the Lexus
With the Texas license plates out of state
They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown
And they heard you got half of Virginia locked down
They even heard about the crib you bought your moms out in Florida
The Fifth Corridor, call the coroner
There's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower-bringin'
If my burglar alarm starts ringin'
What ya' think all the g- is for?
All-purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door
And I feed 'em powder so they can devour
The criminals tryin' to drop my decimals
Damn, people wanna stick me for my cream
And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
It's the ones that smoke b- wit' ya', see your picture
Now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya'
Bet ya', Biggie won't slip
I got the Calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
So I can rip through the ligaments
Put they bodies in a bad predicament
Where all the foul people went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
But what I'ma hit you with, your first reaction is to duck
I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a g-, he shoulda packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
So I can reload and explode on your a-
I mess around and get hardcore
C4 to your door, no beef no more
Feel the rough, scandalous
The more w- smoke I puff, the more dangerous
I don't give a damn about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa come for you?
I'm not runnin', chump, I bust my gun and...
Hold on, I hear somebody comin'
C'mon, motherf-
Man, I'm comin' as fast as I can
Just bring your motherf- a- on, come on
Are we gettin' close, huh?
It's right over here
You sure it's Biggie Smalls crib, man?
Yeah, I'm sure, come on
This better be his motherf- house
F-, right here
This better be this motherfucker's house
Oh, shit
What? What's wrong?
What's that red dot on your head, man?
What red dot?
Oh, sh-! You got a red dot on your head, too
Oh, sh-

See it was seven o'clock
and the sun had just set
the crew rolled up and said it time to jet
I was kinda hesitatin' cause it was nothing to do
but we always find something to get into
Total-Kaos broke out he said lets go to the movies
he was paying so I wasn't being choosy
jumped in the ride and proceeded to go
"yo what are we goin' to see?"
"yo man I don't know"
but when we got there it was a quarter to nine
to see the main flick it was a long as line
paid to get in and not a second before
a sucka looked me up and down at the front door
now I shined on and walked on in
but he kept on staring again and again
I walked up and said "what's up"
he said: "not you"
I turned around and then I looked at my crew
because I know he didn't say what I thought he said
and if he did
I'm gonna have his head on a platter
the sucka scared out
when we got ill
the brother who tried to front he got his caps pilled
and his homies they got mad
but they soon broke out
because of what we had
because I take out my weapon
and I quickly start blastin'
I go total loco like a crazy assassin
I look at my posse they say nothings confusin'
why? why? why?
it's just another execution
See it was early
we was bored uptight
so we rushed up to In-and-Out
to get a bite to eat
I saw a freak I hadn't seen in a while
the one with the crazy eyes and the pretty smile
she was def you know what I mean
the hoe was stacked to the max
in a skin-tight jean
she sat across the room
and try to stare at me
then send a note about how she wants to get with me
now I'm wonderin' what has changed
is it that I'm rockin' the house
and that I'm makin' a name for myself
cause when I first met her
all she said I did with her was upset her
I think that sneak she's tryin' to play me down
cause I ain't the one that likes to be clowned
so I told the hoe to leave me alone
I said girl you need to take your stuck up ass home
at this second her boy walked in
I said man do I have to act crazy again
then I grabbed my weapon it's time to get ill
you can say it is cool or you can straight get pilled
with buck shots I mean all over the place
in your back, your side
in your stomach, in your face
cause I don't really care what your girlfriend says
if you keep talkin' shit you get a bullet in your head
so anyway what your beefin' about
if I wanted your hoe she'd be already turned out
she's jockin me
she might go with you
now checkin' your girl is what you need to do
because I take out my weapon
and I quickly start blastin'
I go total loco like a crazy assassin
I look at my posse they say nothings confusin'
why? why? why?
it's just another execution

Hey yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back
Motherfuckers said it wasn't gonna work (word)
That crazy shit, yeah the stupid shit
Hey yo Eazy! (Yo!)
Hey man why don't you come off the piano for a minute, man
And bust this crazy shit
Woke up quick at about noon
Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon
I gotta get drunk before the day begin
Before my mother starts bitchin bout my friends
About to go and damn near went blind
Young niggaz at the pad throwin up gang signs
Ran in the house and grabbed my clip
With the Mac-10 on the side of my hip
Bailed outside and pointed my weapon
Just as I thought, the fools kept steppin
Jumped in the fo' hit the juice on my ride
I got front back and side to side
Then I let the Alpine play
Bumpin new shit by NWA
It was "Gangsta Gangsta" at the top of the list
Then I played my own shit, it went somethin like this:
Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'
Jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shootin some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rolled, Kilo G
He rolls down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin that GTA
'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, 'cause I ain't sayin shit
Yo man
Get the fuck out
Pump that beat
Mothafucka, say what?
Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man JB is on freebase
The boy JB was a friend of mine
Til I caught him in my car tryin to steal my Alpine
Chased him up the street to call a truce
The silly motherfucker pulls out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times first page
'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, 'cause I ain't sayin shit
Yo Leroy!
Beer drinkin', breath stinkin', sniffin' glue
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a spot where my homeboys chill
The fellows out there, makin that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin
And from the 8-ball my breath start stinkin
Love to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb hoe says something that made me mad
She said somethin that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave
She started talkin shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp and slapped the hoe
Her father jumped out and he started to shout
So I threw a right-cross and knocked his whole ass out
'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, 'cause I ain't sayin shit
Who do you think you are, Mr. Big Stuff?
Rock mothafucka, like the hard three the hard way
I'm rollin hard now I'm under control
Then wrapped the six-fo' round the telephone poll
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh brother
I throw it in the gutter and go buy another"
Walkin home and I see the G ride
Now Ket is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Ket got beaten for resistin arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin his Guess
Now G is cut for doin the crime
For defence on the boy, he'll do some time
'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, 'cause I ain't sayin shit
Big drum beater
I went to get them out but there was no bail
The fellaz start to riot in the county jail
Two days later in municipal court
Kilo G on trial straight cold cut a fart
Disruption of a court, said the judge
On a six year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailer came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "FIRE!", then came Suzi
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder
'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, 'cause I ain't sayin shit
Yeah, I kicked a little ass
But that was a blast from the past, mothafucka

[Verse 1 - Cam'ron]
I represent where them killers at
145th and Broadway. You get your head cracked
Get your legs snapped, arm-twist, ribs cracked
Wig tapped, "play fair!" Day care, kids napped
You think you real? Well, my posse is crazier
Your moms? Mobbing and raping her, Saudi Arabia
I'm 89 tho, Audi and Avias
Beef in N O, I had to call No Limit up
Baby MAC, baby Gat, shit to wake the baby up
Got my baby boo, cop the X5: that's a baby truck
Santana rolling big, Jimmy in the Caddy
Dayton, Youngstown, Cleveland, Cincinnati
In the double-O I represent the C-O
Please ho, Harlem World, 40th: that's me, yo
Clips, 11 off. Bricks, get 7 off
Snow so white only thing missing is 7 dwarfs

[Hook- Master P]
Killa Cam: you know he bout it, bout it
Jim Jones: you know he bout it, bout it
Freeky Z: you know he bout it, bout it
Santana: that boy bout it, bout it
Harlem World: you know they bout it, bout it
Diplomats: you know they rowdy, rowdy
145th and Broadway, them boys real
You know them boys they don't play

[Verse 2 - Cam'ron]
Aiiyo, I'm bouncing through an ounce or two
My crib look like the Fountainblue
A fountain too - no water, only pumping Mountain Dew
Front on y'all little cats I was bound to do
I made it where chickenheads can't pronounce my shoes
I got head, but need more mouth
119th to the whorehouse soon as the tour's out
Papi's rotten, my block top was spoppy poppin'
I pop ack over some oxycontin
Cotton club and Roxy Robins
Rubies and rocks we poppin'
Booties, Uzis and Glocks'll stop em
Battery on his head: copper-top him
When I'm in the building, dogg, you've got to watch him
Got to spot him, tre-8 a floor revolve him
The D.A., sargeant and coroner's problem - now
Highs get 8 done, Dipset don't play none
Jim Jones, Freeky, Killa and the great one - Santana

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Jim Jones]
You know I claim (What you claim?) where them gangstas bang
15th and Lennox, 9- tre, they do they own thing
In Uptown, up on 40 a phat Sean hit the block
Dogg, he move that water shit, he like the network
Over wet work. you come up short on that paper, get a wet shirt
Then if you walking through Foster and Taft
Flossing that cash then gangstas put the torch to your ass
And I can't forget AK and Wagner
My dogs straight crazy cause the AK'll blast ya
One calling daddy Sheik and Q
LB's and Sally beat your crew, now come on
And dope stacks, right in front the liquor store
Hennssey, lil me, me you know the flipped the raw
Much upset, oh yeah they bout it
16 shots up out the Glock, I come up out it

[Master P]
I represent the South, now the world gonna feel us
Worth $400 mil', still dumping gorillas
I'm in the project posted up, like Toys 'R Us
Retire my jersey -- 65 for every chicken I plucked
Pass the purple stuff, whoadie, it's time to get swerk
Up on the block, 1,000 grams on Hogan and Kirk
We in them t-shirts and doo rags
Females all fall back when the No Limit boys in the house
Haters get back. Hot One hold it down
In foreign ghettoes. Big Boys, Uptown, Russian _
C-Murder locked up, but his name still ringin'
Big Simp getting yoked, ridin', hustlin' and slangin'
You know we bout it..I mean we rowdy!
New Orleans to the ATL: you know they bout it bout it
Saint Louis, they keep it swangin'
L.A. to Las Vegas, them homies out there gangbangin'
Oklahoma to Tennessee, them boys ain't playin'
Cause you know they B-O-U-T
Texas, Florida; Detroit, Georgia
Them boys dunn graduated from an 8th
Up on to water-water
Kansas bout it. Virginia rowdy!
Illinois boys to Mississippi: bout it bout it
New York, Arizona, the Bay Area, the whole California!
North Carolina, South Carolina: throw dem bows
Pennsylvania, Alabama: bout to let em know
Missouri rowdy. Boston bout it!
New Orleans and Rockafella: it's bout it bout it

Yo, check this out right
Harlem on da rise
And you don't want no problem with us guys, uh
M-A-dollar sign-E
And if you ever out tryin' to find me
I think I should warn you
I get hard when I want to
Angelettie, Bad Boy, niggas ain't ready
Yo, you the type of cat in the building holdin' the cracks
Playin' son to the niggas on the corner holdin' the gatts
Nigga come through, a nigga kill, never blow back
You the nigga never did but send in all the facts
Yo, I know niggas like you cuz I meet 'em all the time
And I greet 'em with the 9 if they ever keep what's mine
If I lose I get loc, put a fool in the yoke
Two to his throat, take his jewels and his coat
More than likely, you ain't got to like me
And this might be the last time I take you nicely
For my legion, fill up the season and start squeezin'
Niggas talkin' shit, be behind the cars weavin'
There's no breathin', ain't nobody in here leavin'
You kill my man, I kill your bitch, now we even
I'm from a cold world, where it's bleeding 20 degrees in
Fahrenheit, niggas get sniped for no reason
Do a lot of work, got plenty funds and many guns
Many sons, niggas do anything to anyone
And on the streets I don't doubt nuttin'
So when you talk to Mase better watch yo mouth son
Yo, if niggas wanna act we can act
You niggas wanna scrap, we could scrap
You niggas got gatts, we got gatts
You niggas wanna style, we style
If you get foul, we get foul
You get wild, we get wild
If niggas wanna act we can act
If niggas wanna scrap, we could scrap
You niggas got gatts, we got gats
You niggas wanna style, we style
If you get foul, we get foul
You get wild, we get wild
Yo, started with a blue whip, got a silver new whip
Cuz feds watch when I do shit, keep poppin' up new shit
Keep the whole Harlem World on some Clue shit
We crisp bub sippers, strip club niggas
Peace to the street team, ya'll get love niggas
Six years ago I was the have-not nigga
Hot nigga, represent for all my block niggas
Now I'm 6 drop niggas, baggette rock niggas
10 G's a show and I ain't even drop niggas
Shock niggas who thought I was a pop nigga
You go against Mase you get your wig rocked nigga!
Players like me'll leave your whole block bitter
Roll hard like when I see the bank stop nigga
Hustle is a hustle, so I never knock a nigga
Don't really fuck with Dame, but still I copped Jigga
Yo, if niggas wanna act we can act
You niggas wanna scrap, we could scrap
You niggas got gatts, we got gatts
You niggas wanna style, we style
If you get foul, we get foul
You get wild, we get wild
Yo, I do this everyday, why brag about the glory?
Tell you the whole truth, never half the story
You wasn't no hater, you'd probably be happy for me
Billboard first slot in every category
Niggas say they love me, they don't love me
I know deep down they wanna slug me
I feel the vibe when they hug me
Luckily I rock jewels that be chuckie
Over Iceberg Rhugby, pushin' a Benz buggey
For a better batch, roll fever for notes
And need I approach little niggas seated in coach
I mean, um, think it's smaller than the weed in my roach
The seed in my smoke, the niggas ain't cheap, they broke
Oh yeah, this my dough year
Jealousy and envy'll get you nowhere
You don't like me, bet against me
You right, got dough do whatever you like
I get front row seats on the night of the fight
My Roley too tight, how many link, loosen my ice
And 'for I scoop the dice, bet a grand I beat the duece twice
Niggas who don't make dough, I can affil'ate with 'em
I'm dyin' from a sickness known as Willie-ism
Um, yo, whatever you want
We can do
We can do it better
And you niggas wanna scrap? We can scrap
Niggas wanna wild? We wild
However niggas like it, you get it
Harlem World
Bad Boy
It's '97, yeah, Harlem on the rise
And you don't really want no problem wit us guys
Uh, got my man Cardan with me
KFC, D-R-E, Blinkey blink
Cooda Love, Utto, uh
Black Fred
Big
Puff Diddy
You know we got bitches
Lox, Black Rob, the whole committee
You don't stop, we won't stop

Six million ways to die, choose one
It's time to escape, but I don't know where the fuck I'm headed
Up or down, right or left, life or death
I see myself in a mist of smoke
Death becomes any nigga that takes me for a joke
We hit a five dollar stick, now we puttin in work
Unaccountable amounts of dirt, death becomes all niggas
Anybody killa, you know what the deal is
Nigga, you know what the real is
I see some mark brand niggas on the corner flaggin me down
Sayin, "Yo Daz, what's up with the Pound?
Is that nigga Snoop alright? Aiyyo what's up with the crew?
Is them niggas in jail, or are them niggas through?"
I said, "If you ain't up on thangs
Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the game"
It's like this they don't understand
It's an everyday thang, to gangbang
Make that twist, don't be a bitch, let these niggas know
What's up witchu I represent the Pound and Death Row
And can't no other motherfucker in L.A. or Long Beach
And Compton and Watts see D-O-G's
Now, you can't come and you can't run, and you can't
See long to the G of the gang
One gun is all that we need, to put you to rest
{Pump pump!} Put two slugs dead in your chest
Now you dead then a motherfucker creepin and sleepin
6 feet deep in, fuckin with the Pound is
Suicide, it's a suicide
(Repeat x4)
The cloud becomes black, and the sky becomes blue
Now you in the midst of the Dogg Pound crew
Ain't no clue, on why the fuck we do what we do
Leave you in a state of paranoia, oooh
Don't make a move for your gat so soon cuz
I drops bombs like Platoon (ay nigga)
Walk with me, hold my hand and let me lead you
I'll take you on a journey, and I promise I won't leave you
(I won't leave you) until you get the full comprehension
And when you do, that's when the mission
Or survival, becomes your every thought
Keep your eyes open, cuz you don't wanna be caught
Half steppin with your weapon on safety
Now break yourself motherfucker, 'fore you make me
Take this 211 to another level
I come up with your ends, you go down with the devil
Now roam through the depths of hell
Where the rest your busta ass homeboys dwell
Well
Suicide, it's a suicide
(Repeat x3)
Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name?
Serial killa! Serial killa! Serial killa!
(Wake up in the morning eat your Lucky Charms cereal)
Deep, deep like the mind of Minolta, now picture this
Let's picnic inside a morgue
Not pic-a-nic baskets, pic-a-nic caskets
And I got the machine, that cracks your fuckin chest plates
Open and release them guts
Then I release def cuts
Brutal, jagged edged, totally ruffneck
Now everybody scream nuff respect to the X
Nuff respect given
Disrespect and you will not be livin
Word to momma, Emma, drama, dilemma
Outbrain

I be comin' up wit da Glock toy
You can stop boy
You ain't heard I'm off tha block boy
Chipp-pedy chop boy
Off in ya cut is where I'm layin'
Ready fo' sprayin'
Soon as I see yo face and hand
I ain't wit dat playin'
My daddy showed me how to play it in a situation
My daddy tol' me I ain't shit wit outta occupation
So I played the game
Bust yo head if you said my name
I had some of deez niggas scared I came
I kno' some niggas out tha 'Nolia that'll ride fo' me
I kno' some niggas hollin' soldier that a die fo' me
T.C., L.T., Magnolia and six
Oh you want some of dat fire dope you can score in da bricks
You disrespectin' my mind cuz you keep comin' short
I might hitcha wit dat iron cuz you need ta be taught
You keep showing yo teeth cuz you thank its a joke
You mus thank deez bullets ain't real and you ain't gon' git smoke
Now if ya at dat second line and dem boyz gotta gun
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if ya too deep in some beef and dem boyz bout ta come
You betta run for it, run for it, run
If ya ain't gotta strap but cho enemy got one
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if you git into it wit a Cash Money Brotha
You betta run for it, run for it, run
I be in all black sometimes
Sometimes I be jumpin' out trees in camouflage
Me and Juvenile got two Ks we bout to ride
Dem boyz playin' wit da U.P.T. well dey gots to die
Man its that deep
It's a tragedy
That you can test me
Heard I run in houses don't put it past me
Hell look boy you betta tell deez niggas
Fo' I mask up and try ta kill deez niggas
You don't want my stress trouble
I be back in two hummers and five lex-bubbles (what!)
My big brother Juvie
Tol' me not to eva letta nigga screw me
Tol' me if I eva did he would do me
Gave me two guns and sent me round dey shootin'
And then they start runnin'
Hardest niggas on tha block started actin like a woman
Tha four foot stranger in ya area bustin'
Load it up and slide it in
Cock it back pop it out we ridin'
Look, look I'll run in a busta spot
I'll sit on a busta porch
I'll sleep on a busta block
Apply five and then let go
Bang lil cowards keep playin', get hurt
Motha-flirk see I'ont' curse
But'll wet up yo shirt
Look all my enemy's see me comin'
All my enemy's peeeeeuuungghhh be runnin'
Now if ya at dat second line and dem boyz gotta gun
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if ya too deep in some beef and dem boyz bout ta come
You betta run for it, run for it, run
If ya ain't gotta strap but cho enemy got one
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if you git into it wit a Cash Money Brotha
You betta run for it, run for it, run
You thank I'm playin'a somthin' lil whodie I ain't trippin'
Tha beef started last week and dem niggas still be hittin'
Two children got killed and a ol' lady got hit
Look I'm bout ta git tha fuck cause I ain' got no time fo' dis shit
Now you can be comin' through
And runnin to a gun if you feel
That they ain't gon' do you shit cause ya real
I'ont' wanna be witcha when its hapnin' either
I probably be some where ducked off takin' a nap wit my people
I'd rather see it on TV than see it in person
Having my fucking' head hurtin'
When dem thirties be burstin'
Bet if yo beef see ya he ain't gon' wait fo' ya dog
Our all gon' try to rearrange ya face fo' ya dog
Second line and round dem clubs ain't no place fo ya dog
Dem same niggas you come up wit playa-hatin' ya dog
I see em comin' wit choppers and I know they gon' bust
Lil Wayne hol' up
We kitin' out sho' nuff'
Now if ya at dat second line and dem boyz gotta gun
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if ya too deep in some beef and dem boyz bout ta come
You betta run for it, run for it, run
If ya ain't gotta strap but cho enemy got one
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if you git into it wit a Cash Money Brotha
You betta run for it, run for it, run
Now if ya at dat second line and dem boyz gotta gun
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if ya too deep in some beef and dem boyz bout ta come
You betta run for it, run for it, run
If ya ain't gotta strap but cho enemy got one
You betta run for it, run for it, run
And if you git into it wit a Cash Money Brotha
You betta run for it, run for it, run
Run for it
Ya betta run for it, run for it
Ya betta run for it, run for it
Go git cha gun for it
Ya betta run for it, run for it, run
Run for it, run for it, run, run for it
Run for it, run, run for it, run for it, run
Get cha gun for it , gun for it, gun
Get cha gun for it gun for it

[Intro]

[Bridge]
I know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self, here I go
I know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self, here I go
Da man right, chea (da man right, chea)
Here I go, here I go

[Verse 1]
Y'all muthafuckers better get ready to rumble
Get in the line like a conga, plastic like plumbing
Cise on the bongo
Y'all muthafuckers ain't ready
Hey to them boys, get at them bitches and cut they ass
As sharp as a machete
Dope I don't; herbs I do
You bitches probably couldn't see me with a birds eye view
It's alive, finna make your head spin
Stop walking the one way to a fucking dead end
Bitch you yellow
Coward hearted, better bring some water
Kick the gasoline can over
Get this fucking fire started
Your heart jump like a bass drum bump
You bad enough to meet the alligator in the swamp

[Hook]
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go
The man rightchea

[Bridge 2]
I know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
What you muthafuckers know bout rapping (what you muthafuckers know bout rapping)
Who put you on the map (who put you on the fucking map)
I know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
Here I go - the man right, chea
Here I go, here I go

[Verse 2]
Rhyme slaying, straight suckers I'm slaying
Hoes I'm laying, niggas gon' barely stand
I got 'em laying and praying, delaying, decaying
Ask them hoes, I ain't playing with 'em
Wanna get beef, you'll have to turn your cheek
Cock back like like Mad Max and knock out one of them fucking teeth
I'm a mean, gene machine
The executioner be appeased with guillotine
My lifestyle is brutal, like a pit on a poodle
After disaster, have you sipping on chicken noodle
Get yo ass in gear, I’m getting fucked by your women
I'm the shark in the dark, bitch at night don't go swimming
Cause if you do you doomed
I'll probably be the king of the looney toons
Sweating and gasping, I'm a massive assassin
All this smashing and smashing, kicking ass with a passion
Mystikal's on a roll, just that throwed
(Ice cold)
Another nigga couldn't touch me with a flagpole
Wanna fight Iron Mike but you're too damn light
Like a knife I'll rip ya from ya ass to your appetite
Gangsta since Genesis
Fuck a (?) I'm the foreign minister, don't brag fag
Wanna battle, bring a body bag
I'm gonna need it, to carry your stupid ass
I observe, time to serve rhymes I heard like words of King George the 3rd
I proceed, to mislead the sweet hoes I cheated
Devour cause I'm sour like Johnny Appleseed
I intrude hoes call me rude, bitch I'm smooth
Watch your fucking attitude
Blast from the past, curse like I'm Mac
I'm like a black cat on the trail of a fat rat
You finna overdose
And choke off these rhymes I wrote
Somebody said that you was looking for me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm coming straight for your throat, like a coyote on a goat
Note by note, you sweat me like a ho be no, you ho
Cannot find a antidote cause when I start to flow
Murder he wrote
Huff puff and bluff, come, touch this rough stuff
And get cuffed, snuffed, buffed and scuffed
You can't hit this, get with this or witness
I'm bad tempered, I'll fuck you up with the quickness
I paid my dues, I'm bad news to fools, I choose you lose
Fuck the rules, I wreck beaucoup crews with the words I use
Got me feeling like Z.Z. Hill cause I'm screaming and screaming
And singing the blues you been child-abused
I never bled in the battle, I refuse to lose
You can bring your whole posse bitch I still won't lose
I'll stomp your whole staff, you must want a bloodbath
Fucking riff-raff, break you in half and laugh
Then snap and served you I (?) and heard you
Think about them words you heard, you fucking nerd
You tried to probably rob me, dodge me
Fucking, fighting, making money on my hobby
Freezing degrees run 'em up, shut 'em up, buttered 'em up
What up? Wanna fight? Bitch, put 'em up
How that sound come get knocked down
Bolos, I throw bitch you won't last no round
I bet let's see, what we can fuck with next
Step that ass in the ring and I'ma jab you to death
Cause I am the baddest black Prince of the South
He who run up, gon' get knocked the fuck out
Pound for pound, blow for blow we could go
If you're really looking for an ass whooping
Here I go, here I go, here I go
The man right chea

And the lady America was finally slaughtered
And divided into 3 quarters
Her children the cities fell
Battlin' golden' platinum
Friends of terror and endless bloodshed
Pity was not spared for no man woman child or rapper
And believe
For his rap was felt by everyone
And this time when trust had no meaning
Family and friends who survived destroyed one another
Decide to the world
Love, peace, and brotherhood
Soldiers, high ashes to survival
To open up a path to reality
For some, judgement
The devil took the straps off my nigga legs
The Virgin Mary came when my homie bleed
Too many fuckin' thieves and enemies
The vultures pecked the mouths for the green cheese
I watched his soul leave his clothes left him cold
On these streets, anything goes
He was on the road
It took 'em ten to do him in
The killas fled, damn, but they'll be back again
He was Polo'd down with the matchin' socks
I mean stuffed like a turkey with a half a key of cooked rocks
The reaper came and took him
I saw the tears from my baby mama's eyes over look him
As I walk through the shadows of death
Where no rapper or no man can spare no breath
The kingdom of freedom is all they said
Why the shackle and chain?
My homie's life slaid
From the cradle to the grave every soldier shall ride
Bite the apple of eternity(uggggHH)
Every mother will cry
Keep your eyes on your enemies, and watch your friends
Put your life in your own hands, or your life will end
[Verse]
Now who's to say if it's the beginning or ending
Start to finish
Losin' or winnin'
I'm trapped in a whole world of sin
Who's to say your life is worth more than mine
Should I give my heart to the President so he can live and I can die?
Now my whole life I was scared
The only judge is god
But why do I (we) live by these man made laws
Ten commandments they say do not steal or kill
But I lost too many niggas and some say they split my wig for meal
Heaven, leadin' up to the steps
Everything I do wrong in my days is leading to my death
And even though I never see
I believe there's a god
But I hate when your best friend turn to your enemy
When times is hard
As the sand slowly poured
I see flashes of life
Time started ticking it's the end of my life
Blind fo' his eyes when he look at god
Behold no man or your life destroyed
He took many prophets and poured to the kingdom
Big ones and small ones
Good ones and mean ones
As the angel came the ghetto from hell
Some words of the piece cause they didn't know no better
So they sold to the pitch-forks of the fire
Do g's go to heaven or just young niggas retire
Crosses burned cause they souls was scarred
Hoping for a second chance but ain't none
Cause it's your final call

Gang, gang, gang, gang
Gang in this bitch, gang in this bitch, gang in this bitch
Nigga, nigga, nigga
I'm a gorilla in a fuckin' coupe, finna pull up to the zoo, nigga
Told you, nigga, who the fuck is you? I don't know, nigga
No, nigga, pull up on your block, we gon' blow, nigga
Go, nigga, run, nigga, run for the po', nigga (police nigga)
Gas what I smoke nigga
Feds at my door, jump out the window, nigga
Know you can't get no money silly ho
I just hit a stain, faneto
Talkin' out his neck, pistol to his throat
Blow this motherfucker, he gone choke
On the ground, on the floor
Someone pick him up, take him to the morgue
I'm ridin' through New York
Finna go and shoot New Jersey up
Tryna take my chain, I ain't goin'
We gon' come and blow New Jersey up
You want something? Hurry up
Boy who you tryna to rob, bitch we 30'd up
Just like Wokcano, bitch I'm Curry'd up
Cheese in my pockets, Velveeta
I'm a gorilla in a fuckin' coupe, finna pull up to the zoo, nigga
Told you, nigga, who the fuck is you? I don't know, nigga
No, nigga, pull up on your block, we gon' blow, nigga
Go, nigga, run, nigga, run for the po', nigga (police nigga)
Gas what I smoke nigga
Feds at my door, jump out the window, nigga
Know you can't get no money silly ho
I just hit a stain, faneto
I just hit a stain, faneto
I just hit a stain, faneto
I just got 20 for a fuckin' 4
I spent that shit on a fuckin' coat
Ripped my ear, now I got one earlobe
But I'ma still put some diamonds on him
Baby girl these diamonds are not phony
This car I got, it came from Barcelona
These shoes I got, came from fuckin' Paris (15hun?)
This bitch mad cause I don't do marriage
Let a nigga slide, no we don't do scary
We tote pistols, no we don't do worry (Bang Bang)
I'm a gorilla in a fuckin' coupe, finna pull up to the zoo, nigga
Told you, nigga, who the fuck is you? I don't know, nigga
No, nigga, pull up on your block, we gon' blow, nigga
Go, nigga, run, nigga, run for the po', nigga (police nigga)
Gas what I smoke nigga
Feds at my door, jump out the window, nigga
Know you can't get no money silly ho
I just hit a stain, faneto

[Chorus]
That street shit, I want it now I’m out here (why they ain’t around)
They snatched me I can’t make a sound
I just bought a chopper with 100 rounds
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
I just bought a chopper with 100 round

[Verse]
I Just bought a chopper, gave it to Numbanine
Slipping up in traffic that’s a 1 to 9
I catch an opp on traffic Imma gun him down
Posted up on normal on the summer time
My block my block, you an opp, you get shot
That drum beating like chop
So get back or get that
Now run up on me and get wacked, in other words get stretched
And if Durk is here he’s gonna catch
Headshot, fuck a vest that’ll traumatize him more
Shout out to them O-boys, niggas snitching like ole boy
Niggas ain’t say shit, that family shit ain’t mean shit
If you snitch, then you get stiched
That family shit ain’t mean shit
If you snitch, then you get stiched

[Chorus]
That street shit, I want it now I’m out here (why they ain’t around)
They snatched me I can’t make a sound
I just bought a chopper with 100 rounds
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
I just bought a chopper with 100 round

[Verse 2]
Free my nigga mikey, he got bumped for murder
Niggas paranoid and bro ain’t even worried
Judge on his dick, so he used the jury
I just hope they don’t throw him the jersey life
Drama shit I finish a lot of shit, savage shit, poker face
See a stain, I’m all in OTF we all win, niggas say we ballin
Got them mad, got them niggas hating, got them frauding
That drug money, I need it now
I got these niggas mad, I’m around That drug money
I need it now, I got these niggas mad, I’m around(Lets get it)

[[Chorus]]
That street shit, I want it now I’m out here (why they ain’t around)
They snatched me I can’t make a sound
I just bought a chopper with 100 rounds
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
That’s why my niggas going bananas (that’s why my niggas going crazy)
I just bought a chopper with 100 round

[Verse 1]
Once upon a time, not long ago
When gangstas rocked waves sold dope and sniffed lo'
There was a young G by the name of Shyne Poe
Puttin' it down, cuttin' it up and cookin' it now
It's been a lotta dick ridin' for lack of a betta words
Speculations on the guns I hold underneath my furs
Similarities in my voice nigga check the words
I'm in for winter to doe's that pinch merds from the cur
Dodgin' and dippin' the narcs
It's the young Frank Matthews the rap version
Touch my trap on my smack the gats burstin'
That's certain leave ya face and ya chest and ya back jerkin'
Uh--y'all got me fucked up like
My desert eagle and my sick doom bust right
Like my guns is racin',muthafucka don't you know I
Make ya heart stop and ya body start shakin'
Now you know the bottom line of this rhyme crime
25 to life plus 9

[Hook 2X]
Whatcha gon' do when shit hit the fed
Take it like a man or snitch like a bitch
Whatcha gon' do when shit hit the fan
Pray to God, go hard or lay up in the morgue

[Verse 2]
Evil grin,dead eyes,walkin wit a bock, monster
Best way to describe my posture
In this world of sin I'm as wicked as they come
Moonlightin' as a rapper get this ticket and I'm done
Ain't enough money here I ratha be in the tropics
Wit Corsicans where narcotics is the only topic
Persian rocks and things the man that made of snow
Tiger par
And every other form of raw
Since a team been handlin, nigga been scramblin'
Bettin' on money in Vegas gamblin'
Desert in the abdomen, pissy drunk stylin',staggerin'
More than you can imaginin
Uh--thoughts randomin, runnin through my mind
Like who's the best MC's - Biggie, Jay-Z, and Shyne
Demented as a young'n, Alpo 2nd comin'
Evil thoughts runnin' through my cerebellum
Shyne Poe what the fuck you gon' tell 'em?
All you niggas that wanna be fly my gun shots'll propell 'em
Leavin' somewhere smellin', repellin'
Closed caskets for you fuckin' bastards c'mon

[Hook 2X]
Whatcha gon' do when shit hit the fed
Take it like a man or snitch like a bitch
Whatcha gon' do when shit hit the fan
Pray to God, go hard or lay up in the morgue

[Verse 3]
Only the strong survive, weak niggas bleed
And get found, wit they fuckin' face down
Numb from the waist down
I din been to hell and back
Twice and still in crack
Stare death in the eyes and never blink
Headshots rip through my mink
Went to war wit the realist killas
Killed friends over jealousy and envy
My heart's empty
Behind the wheel of my Bentley
Coke-d up feelin invincible
Bout to take over the world I can't be stopped
Not the feds or the fuckin' cops
Not even 17 shots
Can put a end to this terror
I'mma live forever, cause gangstas don't break
We just get plastic surgery and relocate
To anotha state
Or island, smilin, money pilin, wildin
Yo Puff over done them fuckin violins
Uh this shit is bigger than me though ask Oliver North
Kill you then use your corpse,to transport horse
Leave ya brains hangin' from ya fuckin' car window
Any nigga snitch and givin' info
Since my motha stomach coke and liquor
Was the mixture
Betta be prepared when we hit ya

[Hook 2X] - repeat to fade
Whatcha gon' do when shit hit the fed
Take it like a man or snitch like a bitch
Whatcha gon' do when shit hit the fan
Pray to God, go hard or lay up in the morgue

Shit
Feel this
If your hoped we wouldn't make it, fuck you (fuck you)
Talk with a heart full of hatred, fuck you (fuck you)
And you said we wouldn't cake it, fuck you (fuck you)
Only my man blood is sacred, cocksucker, fuck you
Yo, everybody's a snake
That's why I try to keep the grass cut
So I can see 'em when they coming
Then I heat they ass up
'Cause' them niggas that you went to school with
Will catch you while you in your new whip
And turn your brains into Cool Whip
Niggas that you running round getting ass with
Ain't gon' help you do nothing but carry your casket
Got the nerve to ask Kiss why I smoke so much
And how I'm such a young nigga that seem to know so much
While you was running round pumping for niggas
I was listening
And you still pumping for niggas
I'm coming through visiting
You heard, L-O-X came through in a yellow Lex
And hop out with the Air Force One's with yellow checks
And you liable to see me Dolo, icing the Rolo
Burner under the Polo, a lot of y'all is homos
Funny style niggas never down with me
Type that go to the bathroom, sit down and pee
I'll empty your house, back of your cribs, smacking your kids
Bullets going through your leather, cracking your ribs
Don't even hit me on my hip if I ain't give you a call
And I ain't got a home phone number, I live on the road
Now I'm getting bigger checks, conference calls with bigger 'xecs
Bigger bracelets with bigger begets,
Fuck y'all
All I do is get high, and think of faving you all
Motherfuckers hit 'cha knees and just pray to the Lord
I'd rather die today than live tomorrow
Then watch you crab motherfuckers just steal and ball
Put in my work, you might get put in a church
Funeral time, everybody kissing the corpse
Learn the ropes, stone rip if you soft, you pissing me off
Call me S.P., and I spit on your boss
You can die cause this shit might happen to me
But I'mma still happen to be, packin' the three
Fuck with bitches that be wrappin' the keys
And the niggas that bug over drug money, clappin' the D
Shoot in the breeze, nine in the boot, full of trees
One in the morning, catch me with a gun on the corner
Let you know it's all real and you can front if you want to
I understand, fuck it dog, die in the can
I say you pussy, you won't die for your right-hand man
As well as your left, niggas trip, fell into death
They touch you, only thing else to say is fuck you
A-yo, y'all niggas ain't hardcore, all my niggas is homicide
What you know about getting shot, letting the drip dry
Letting the spit fly, seeing sparks whiz by
Putting a MASH on niggas like Klinger and Horgi
So soft you smushy, I blast 'til your shit is gushy
Should be the head Cat in the Broadway play, you pussy
Fuck with Sheek, Ouija board spell "Death"
You can talk that beef shit, I hope that deep shit
Be as deep as you inside the fucking cement
Or you can deep sea dive, with no scuba gear
I'll drown you with your snorkel on, bitch, breathe out of there
Whole team rich, never seen a summer like this
Baking hot, and you can sled ride down my wrist, neck, and hand
When it comes to coke, I can make a snowman, shit
Play in this shit make a angel with it
And I don't give a fuck about that 380 that y'all share
Between the 10 y'all with the same 8 bullets from last year
When I bust I use snubs, denim flee in the spot
The hand I write with need a oven glove, my shit so hot
I want the most, Roley only work when it's next to my post
Fuck a present gimme a yacht master, regular bezzy
Then I'm good when I'm in the hood and I'm on the block
You got a gut feeling about shit, nigga, that means you shot, what
If you hoped we wouldn't make it, fuck you
Talk with a heart full of hatred, fuck you
And you said we wouldn't cake it, fuck you
Only my man's blood is sacred, cocksucker, fuck you
I'll tell you in your face, fuck you
Pull it off my waist, hit you up, fuck you
And watch you die on the street, fuck you
Whoever feel sad at the funeral, fuck them too

Hello, Hello?
Fuck rap, my daddy a gangsta
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, weed
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, G
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, groove
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, I'm gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, Q
Figg Side (say they want that gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, uh (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, yak (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, yak (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
What it do, young niggas? What it do, young bitches?
I got my drink in my cup, I got my Backwood, no swishers
And bitch, I'm faded, fucking faded, yeah, I'm famous
What? I'm famous, fucking famous, nigga I made it
When I was broke, I got me that nine
With that nine, I hit me that lick
And then with that lick, it came with that yola
With that yola, it came with your bitch
And see now your bitch, she gon' work on that corner
I don't care if that ho got pneumonia
Give me racks and you won't get a quarter
She don't run game, I'm the only controller
So what's up now? Straight pimpin' over here
Now put that shit on verse, nigga
Have her shaking ass all on the curb, nigga
You could tell that she fucking with a Figg nigga
What it is, nigga? Perrier Jouet Rosé, I might relocate
Out of my mind, this world, I'm hot, godammit, I'm fly
(Yay yay) My grandma showed me my first strap
My nigga Rat-Tone always had the fliest gats
I finally got mine dirt nap, uh
Real niggas don't die homeboy, we multiply and
Shit, come around my town you clown, that's suicide
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, weed
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, G
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, groove
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, I'm gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, Q
Figg Side (say they want that gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, uh (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, yak (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, yak (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
My momma said don't be that, hood little nigga that sold crack
Gangbanger that street jack, always trying to figure where the beef at
Knock, knock-knock your brain on the doormat, uh
Bitch nigga, what you call that? Uh
We on block patrol, nigga fuck your roll, got the gat on me
Nigga look, it's right here
Bulldog bark, you could die right here
Real gangsta niggas have no fear
Real niggas never tattoo their tears
Hopping out of vans, deserting your plans
All hoodied up, no Wu-Tang Clan
Three days lettin' off through that Aryan, uh
Call that bitch 3 for 10, uh
I'm fucking up the streets again
Tags on the toes all amongst your friends
Let the barrel spin, get blended in, uh
Embrace the funk, groovy as I'm running through your system
Seem like you only target Hindu victim
Red dot, chicken pox type symptoms
Sad day, had his all whole sickened
Trying to state the facts
We don't care if he election black, we got a strap, uh
Gangsta shit, shooting me if I'm broke or rich, I got a bitch, uh
Ain't sober, kush odor, kush soda's, crip stoner
Real soldier head, off with your shoulders, make over, uh
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, weed
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, G
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, groove
Gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, I'm gangsta, gangsta-gangsta, Q
Figg Side (say they want that gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, uh (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, yak (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)
Knock, knock-knock, knock-knock, yak (gangsta shit, gangsta shit)

Aw yeah, word up, word to mother. Here comes G. Rap with another one y'all.
We going to swing it like this
I'm right in front of my front steps thinking of a plan
Looking like raggedy Ann, no dough in hand kicking a can
Thinking of a plot to pull some bank in
Because I'm dead and stinking
Soles on my shoes winking, t-shirt is shrinking
Soon I see some ties and my eyes open wide quick
Who's that with you, chick? Bill blass my sidekick
What's up, black? give his hand a smack
Up pulls a Cadillac, yo baby we'll be back
Jumped right on inside, not too many people saw us
Thinking about who gotta get robbed because the mob got a job for us
The drove us down to the sober section
Of town where the clowns don't be paying for protection
The want us to send a message to jimmy the bartender
Lend a friend the money next you're ripping off his car fenders
He's coming up short cause he snorts
Coke, dope, nope, and hope he don't get caught
He owes some Benjamin Franklins, every last bit of 'em
But Jimmy's pockets are empty, so now we gotta get rid of him
But Jimmy's wife is with him and they don't want to involve her
Hopped out the back seat they gave me a revolver
Blass, you distract him while I go and whack him
Entered through the back side of the bar and then attacked him
He's screaming for his life, reaching for his wife
Shot him in the back of the head and shanked him with a knife
And that goes for anybody who's gotta pay they dues
You lose, 'cause I got the ill street blues
You lose, cause I got the ill street blues
Suckers I clobber, because my town is full of cops and robbers
You're not promised tomorrow in this little shop of horrors
So I got to get with the business of hit quick
Moneygrip's pocket's looking thick so I stick slick
Hold it right here, hands in the air, I know you got the loot
Or better yet, face down on the ground, empty your pockets troop
Hit the deck I got the tech right on your neck
And I expect to make a buck to heck with a traveler's check
But if a vic' tries to choke me
I'll have to smoke him like I'm smokey the bear, so okie dokie
Goodbye, or bon voyage, have a good journey
Don't even try begging for your life, that don't concern me
So to the next weasel that freezes
Your begging and your pleases only getting your closer to meeting Jesus
Yeah, I shake a schmuck just to make a buck
Then I break a duck and if the duck gotta get bucked then I don't give a fuck
Hyper as a sniper piping niggas like a plumber
Cold vicking and sticking up the ones that run the numbers
Or even a bigger score, the lady in the liquor store
Go inside and kick in the door, pull her then I'm stickin' her for
Money or your life, honey hurry and choose
You lose, because I got the ill street blues
Extra extra read all about it in the papers
The boss tried to rape us, so we tossed him off the skyscraper
Because he pulled some other people to try and hit us
Get us, but none of them did us, he must be trying to kid us
But that's dead, I'll thank God in the red, 'cross the bread borders
So nobody can short us, he fled down to headquarters
Ready to put some work in, we're not a lazy crew, we'll do a job or two
But yo, the man can't even stick me with some crazy glue
Ready to tore him even more because she saw him
We took out all the lookouts in the front and kicked his door in
What's up snake, why'd you violate?
Because I'm a hossa (what's that? )
Yo, that's a pig that don't fly straight
Getting ready to jab him, I grabbed him by the necktie
Homie tried to get fly, and swing I gave him a decked eye
You know the evil that men do, hell is where the men go
We snatched him by his hands and feet and threw him out the window
Up, up, and away cause I don't play, clown
Buck, buck, buck, take that with you on the way down
I'm hoping you got springs and wings on your shoes
But you lose, because I got the ill street blues
Extra extra read all about it in the papers
The boss tried to rape us, so we tossed him off the skyscraper
Because he pulled some other people to try and hit us
Get us, but none of them did us, he must be trying to kid us
But that's dead, I'll thank God in the red, 'cross the bread borders
So nobody can short us, he fled down to headquarters
Ready to put some work in, we're not a lazy crew, we'll do a job or two
But yo, the man can't even stick me with some crazy glue
Ready to tore him even more because she saw him
We took out all the lookouts in the front and kicked his door in
What's up snake, why'd you violate?
Because I'm a hossa (what's that? )
Yo, that's a pig that don't fly straight
Getting ready to jab him, I grabbed him by the necktie
Homie tried to get fly, and swing I gave him a decked eye
You know the evil that men do, hell is where the men go
We snatched him by his hands and feet and threw him out the window
Up, up, and away cause I don't play, clown
Buck, buck, buck, take that with you on the way down
I'm hoping you got springs and wings on your shoes
But you lose, because I got the ill street blues

How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)
How about some hardcore?
For the fellas on the corner posted up 20 deep
With your ifth on your hip, ready to flip
Whenever you empty your clip, dip, trip your sidekick
You got skill, you best manage to chill
And do yourself a favor, don't come nowhere near the Hill
With that bullshit, word, money grip, it'll cost ya
Make you reminisce of Frank Nitty 'The Enforcer'
I move with M.O.P.'s Last Generation
Straight up and down, act like you want a confrontation
I packs my gat, I gotta stay strapped
I bust mines, don't try to sneak up on me from behind
Don't sleep, I get deep when I creep
I see right now I got to show you it ain't nothin sweet
Go get your muthafuckin hammer
And act like you want drama
I send a message to your mama
'Hello, do you know your one son left?
I had license to kill and he had been marked for death
He's up the Hill in the back of the building with two in the dome
I left him stiffer than a tombstone'
How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)
How about some hardcore?
I used to pack sling shots, but now I'm packin heavy metal
A rugged underground freestyler
Is Li'l Fame, muthafucka, slap, Li'l Mallet
When I let off, it's a burning desire
Niggas increase the peace cause when I release it be rapid fire
For the cause I drop niggas like drawers
Niggas'll hit the floors from the muthafuckin .44's
I'm talkin titles when it's showtime
Fuck around, I have niggas call the injury help line
I bust words in my verse that'll serve
Even on my first nerve I put herbs to curbs
I ain't about givin niggas a chance
And I still raise shit to make my brother wanna get up and dance
Front, I make it a thrill to kill
Bringin the ruckus, it's the neighborhood hoods for the Hill that's real
Me and mics, that's unlike niggas and dykes
So who wanna skate, cause I'm puttin niggas on ice
Whatever I drop must be rough, rugged and hard more
(Yeah!)
How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)
Yo, here I am (So what up?) Get it on, cocksucker
That nigga Bill seem to be a ill black brother
I gets dough from the way I flow
And before I go
You muthafuckas gonna know
That I ain't nothin to fuck with - duck quick
I squeeze when I'm stressed
Them teflons'll tear through your vest
I love a bloodbath (niggas know the half)
You can feel the wrath (Saratoga/St. Marks Ave.)
Be-I-l-l-why D-a-n-z-e
N-I-e, me, Billy Danzenie
(Knock, knock) Who's there? (Li'l Fame)
Li'l Fame who? (Li'l Fame, your nigga)
Boom! Ease up off the trigger
It's aight, me and shorty go to gunfights
Together we bring the ruckus, right?
We trump tight, aight?
I earned mine, so I'm entitled to a title
(7 fuckin 30) that means I'm homicidal
How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)
Yo, I scream on niggas like a rollercoaster
To them wack muthafuckas, go hang it up like a poster
Niggas get excited, but don't excite me
Don't invite me, I'm splittin niggas' heads where the white be
Try to trash this, this little bastard'll blast it
Only puttin niggas in comas and caskets
I ain't a phoney, I put the 'mack' in a -roni
I leave you lonely (Yeah, yeah, get on his ass, homie)
Up in your anus, I pack steel that's stainless
We came to claim this, and Li'l Fame'll make you famous
I mack hoes, rock shows and stack dough
Cause I'm in effect, knockin muthafuckas like five-o
I'm catchin other niggas peepin, shit, I ain't sleepin
I roll deep like a muthafuckin Puerto-Rican
So when I write my competition looks sadly
For broke-ass niggas I make it happen like Mariah Carey
I got shit for niggas that roll bold
Li'l Fame is like a orthopedic shoe, I got mad soul
I'ma kill em before I duck em
Because yo, mother made em, mother had em and muthafuck em
Knowmsayin?
Li'l Fame up in this muthafucka
Givin shoutouts to my man D/R Period
[Name]
Lazy Laz
My man Broke Ass Moe
The whole Saratoga Ave.
Youknowmsayin?
Representin for Brooklyn
Most of all my cousin Prince Leroy, Big Mal, rest in peace
[ Billy Danzenie ]
Danzenie up in this muthafucka
I'd like to say what's up to the whole M.O.P.
Brooklyn, period
Them niggas that just don't give a fuck
[ O.G. Bu-Bang
Bet yo ass, nigga
Hey yo, this muthafuckin Babyface [Name]
Aka O.G. Bu-Bang
Yo, I wanna say what's up to the whole muthafuckin M.O.P. boyyeee

[Intro: MC Ant]
Ayo Spice all these rich motherfuckers keep going to the record stores buyin' these fake ass raps. You know what I'm saying?

[Spice 1]
Yeah, yeah
I hear you 'bout all that fake shit
Niggas need to get up on the hardcore shit
You know what I'm saying?

[MC Ant]
Ay man, you still got them ski masks and them gats
I'm ready to jack these motherfuckers
I'll make them break theyselves and shit

[Spice 1]
Yeah, fuck that. Let's handle that business. Huh, yeah
We gotta flow somethin' funky. Check it

[Verse 1: Spice 1]
Spice 1 is fuckin' it up upon the flow
And if you got the static motherfucker we can go
My homie Ant Banks got the bass line thumpin'
Stop a nigga heart 'cause by my music they thumpin'
Spice is on the one and Ant is on the two
But y'all don't kick it yet because a nigga just ain't through
Comin' hard as fuck I be like acin' and I'm icin'
Steppin' into the ring, fuckin' 'em up like Michael Tyson
Gimme all your cash 'cause I'm about to blast
And bust 50 bullets in your motherfuckin' ass
Niggas think I'm crazy 'cause I'm poppin' off at the mouth
And plus I had the chopper pointed at your damned house
My name's Spice 1, I be a vicious motherfucker
Get you for a key and leave you lyin' in the gutter
And if you think it's possible to harm 'im
I be stickin' my foot up in your ass like it was Charmin
So nigga break yourself and buy the motherfuckin' tape
The beat'll fuck your ears like a statuatory rape
Murderous nigga on the gangsta tip
So MC Ant cover me while I reload the motherfuckin' clip
And by the way, if you want your life don't take yourself
Buy the dope ass record and break yourself

[Interlude: Spice 1]
Huh, yeah
You know what I'm saying?
Got MC Ant in the motherfuckin' house
He came to break these motherfuckers
Load the clip and handle your business partner

[Verse 2: MC Ant]
A-N-T is like a motherfuckin' pro with it
Niggas didn't know that I can get funky and flow with it
Straight up out the O-A-K-L-A-N-D
Coolin' all the bitches when I be on the late night tweak
Who's up at the corner?
Be stoppin' and starin' to makin' 'em stutter
Was that MC Ant the rip-a-rappin' motherfucker
187 with the 211 and progress
So get out the shit break bitch because I'll just
Pistol whip your ass and slam the tape
I pop if you want a brake and dump you off in the lake
Run you dumb dick, I'm quick to pop the clip
Slip if you wanna slip, I'm tough and won't even trip
Don't move and you won't get hurt
Take off your motherfuckin' clothes and put your face in the dirt
This is a genuine gank move bitch
So give me your money and your jewels and make me rich
Another nigga might play it on a cool tip
But Ant and Spice won't be takin' no bullshit
Everything nigga, even your gold tooth
I knock the motherfucker loose if you want proof
'Cause I'm down for the mail
And if it's worth the jail I'm out on bail
If it ain't given I'll straight up take your wealth
Tell a motherfucker straight up break yourself

[Interlude: MC Ant]
Yeah and that's how we runnin' shit on this motherfuckin' stage right now. You know what I'm saying?
Ay, Spice, I want you to step to 'em and kick it one more time with that gangsta shit
Check it

[Verse 3: Spice 1]
It's like a G-O, and I kick in a bank in a motherfucker
So stop at the red light and I just point it up at another
Rich-ass nigga on a ego tip
Give up the Rolex watch while I pop a ditch
And have ya both in the back of a black hearse
Bitch if you want your life give me your fuckin' purse
This is a Halloween ‒ trick or treat
But if you trick you get beat, shut up, left dead in the street
'Cause 187 is runnin' shit up in the house
Down to shoot you in your motherfuckin' mouth
And MC Ant of O-A-K-L-A-N-D
Is with the faculty and S-P-I-C-E
So put the goodies inside the bag
This ain't a lolly gag, stick in my clip and raise him up out his Jag
I let the motherfuckin' 9 click
Comin' at our dome, kickin' funky gangsta shit
So nigga empty your pocket, pull out your bank roll
Try to be a hero and [?] your asshole
'Cause Arnold Schwarzenegger just play parts
But I specialize in stoppin' niggas' hearts
187's sendin' niggas to ghetto heaven
We beat the funk out your eardrums and keep it revvin'
So don't pound too hard and fuck up your health
And by the way drop the Abraham Lincolns and break yourself

[Outro: Spice 1 & MC Ant]
Yeah, motherfucker you wanna spent that money on that bass hip. Won't you get the bomb baby?
Yeah, nigga brake yourself and get with the real shit
Yeah, nigga, MC Ant and Spice in the house
With Ant Banks on the tracks
Yeah, Ant Banks in the motherfuckin' house
187 motherfucker
Goin' out to all you motherfuckers
We got the dope shit
Bustin' caps in your motherfuckin' eardrums
Straight jackin' it
I'm out

Yes, it is I says me
And although agree
Are more than three, cause they're we
Yes, yo!, I'm in the house now for sure
Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men
Who knows what evil lurks within them
But lets take a travel down the blindside
And see what we find on this...
Path...
Called...
Stranded on Death Row, so duck when I swing my shit
I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits
The gangsta type, what I recite's kinda lethal
Niggaz know, the flow that I kick, there's no equal
I'm murderin niggaz, Yo, and maybe because of the tone
I kicks when I grip the mic and kick shit
Niggaz can't fuck with
So remember I go hardcore, and slam
Nuff respect like a sensei, ba-bash like Van Damme
So any nigga that claim they bossin
What don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson
Take a walk through the hood when we up to no good
Slangin them things like a real O.G. should
I'm stackin and mackin and packin a ten so
When you're slippin, I slip the clip in
But ain't no set tripppin
Cause it's Death Row, rollin like the mafia
Think about whoopin some ass, but what the fuck stoppin ya
Ain't nathin but a buster
I'm Stranded on Death Row for pumpin slugs in motherfuckers
Now you know you're outdone
Feel the shotgun, Kurupt - inmate, cell block one
No prevention from this mention of sorts
Your're a victim, from my driveby of thoughts
No extensions, all attempts are to fail
Blinded by the light, it's time you learn braile
From the lunatic, I death like arsenic
When I kick up wicked raps
Dr. Dre will kick the scratch
With treachery, my literary form will blast
And totally surpass the norm
Not a storm, plural, make it, many storms
When I'm vexed, I fly leg necks and arms
In this dimension, I'm the presenter
And the inventor, and the tormentor
Deranged, like the hillside strangler
MC mangler, tough like Wrangler
I write a rhyme, hard as concrete
Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite
So what you wanna do
The narrator RBX, cell block two
Rage, lyrical murderer
Stranded on Death Row
And now I'm servin a lifetime sentence
There'll be no repentence
Since it's the life that I choose to lead
I plead guilty
On all counts let the ball bounce where it may
It's just another clip into my AK
Buck em down with my underground tactics
Facts and stacks of clips on my mattress
Bed frame there's another dead pain
Layin lain with the shame, who's to blame
Me, the lady of Rage
On when I'm comin from the D-E-A-T-H in
R-O-W takin, no shit
So flip and you're bound to get dropped
It's 187 on motherfuckers don't stop
Handcuffed as I bust there'll be no debate
It's Rage, from cell block eight
And yo steppin through the fog
And creepin through the smog
It's the number one nigga from the hood, Doggy Dogg
Makin videos, now I stay in Hollywood
Bustin raps for my snaps now they call me Eastwood
Dre is the doctor and my homey little nigga
Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigga
Shootin at the hoes with the game that I got
Sent to death row cause I wanted to make a grip from servin my rocks
And I'm still, servin for mines, peace
To my motherfuckin homies doin time
In the pen and the county jail
Mobbin with your blues on, mad as hell
And you say yeah fuck the police
And all the homies on the streets is all about peace
And it's drivin the cops crazy
But ain't nuttin but a black thing bay-bee, uhhh
No I'm not flaggin, but I'm just saggin
I betcha don't wanna see the D-O double G
And you can't see, the D-R to the E
Or my motherfuckin homey D.O.C.
You know you can't fuck with my motherfuckin DJ
That's my homey and we call him Warren G
Yeah, and you don't stop
Doggy Dogg break em down with the motherfuckin Dogg Pound
That's the only way we'll beat em man
We gotta smoke em, then choke em
Like the motherfuckin peter man
It's like three and to the two

Biatch
Eeh? W'appen nuh, baby?
You look good inna yuh car, eeh?
Longtime me ah watch you and me wan' chat to you
And you gwan like you nuh wan' chat to me
So w'appen Dre? Tell me wah di fuck ah gwan nuh
Creepin' down the back street on D's
I got my Glock cocked 'cause niggas want these
No soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9, tryin' to take mine
You wanna make noise? Make noise
I make a phone call, my niggas comin' like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
With their fuckin' heads cut off, motherfucker, I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rollin' in my four with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clockin' all the riches, got the hollow points for the snitches
So won't you just walk on by? 'Cause I'm too hard to lift
And no, this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin' D-R-E from the C-P-T
On a robbin' spree, a straight G
Hop back, as I pop my top, you trip
I let the hollow points commence to pop, pop, pop
Yeah, 'cause if it don't stop
I'll have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another spot
'Cause I'm
Rollin' in my six-four
What all the niggas sayin'?
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (what all the niggas sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride
Just another motherfuckin' day for Dre, so I'll begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks or black fists
It's just that gangsta glare with gangsta raps
That gangsta shit makes a gangs of snaps, uh
Word to the motherfuckin' streets
And word to these hyped-ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit you with, that I get you with
As I groove in my four on D's, hittin' the switches
Bitches, relax, while I get my proper swerve on
Bumpin' like a muhfucker, ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
Gotta get the chronic, the Rémy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin' like Indonesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick 'cause my four on hit
Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl, I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check, nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the South side, yeah
Rollin' in my six-four
What all the bitches sayin'?
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (what all the motherfuckin' bitches sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (know what I'm sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride
Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slauson
On my way to the strip, now I'm just flossin'
Checkin' my rearview 'cause niggas they will do
Jack moves, black fools 'cause I smack fools
Tryna set me up for a 211
Fuck around and get caught up in a 187
But I don't represent no gang bang
Some niggas like lynchin' but I just watch 'em hang
So on and so on, why don't you let me roll on?
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak
Now everybody peepin' out they window
When they hear me beatin' up the street
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say every single motherfuckin' day
Yo, but I ain't trippin', I'm just kickin' it
While my D's keep spinnin' and these hoes keep grinnin' I'll be
Rollin' in my six-four
What everybody sayin'?
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride (hell yeah)
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride (what everybody sayin'?)
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride (hell yeah)
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride
Swing down (swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride)
And let me ride

Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
My nigga, you done pushed the wrong button I ain't never ran this hot
Now you the number one nigga I wanna whoop the piss out
And this not a threat, bet that, I ain't gonna let that shit slide
Gotta get that bitch right, want him dead by midnight
I followed him from his crib to the crack spot
I watched him go in and come back out, I got ready to pull the Mac out
Sandwiched him by the feeder of 610
Unloaded the pistol, now dirt is now what his dick in
Shit, I seen a slab get stripped
The discs, seats, and sound gone, and candy paint burnt to a crisp
These niggas gettin' hated on for the '84s that they skated on
Jackers in the dark alley waited on
The fool comin' out the gamblin' shack
Pistol to his back, took 4 ounces of crack, and a fat doja sack
That's why I pack, my nigga, that's why I pray
'Cause where I stay I got to carry my muthafuckin' gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
The p-l-e-x is crowding all my space
'Bout to pop this motherfucker cause he standing in my place
He selling on my block, jacking from my boys
They coming on our side throwing down and talking noise
Now, I occupy my time hustling and getting paid
He occupying his time trying to get boys for they blades
Getting 'em for they Chevy 'Burbans, they jumping out of who doos
Coming down swinging, jumping out of candy blues talking 'bout give it up smooth
Baby boy, it's some hating going on in P.A
Mostly over stinky bitches and who sold the most yay
Niggas stunting, pulling pistols ending up in the grave
When I pull I always pop, that's why I'm living today
Girl-ass niggas 'causing plex between friends
And when you bust on your boy don't neither one of y'all niggas win
You end up killing somebody that you really ain't wanna kill
Over a pussy-ass nigga that's showing ho-type skills
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Coming from the small town of madness, late night its all murderers
Player haters, scan'lous hoes, and 'Lac-driving slab hurters
Acting bad after 8, you can catch us on the late
Rolling dice, blowing, and sipping on the bar straight
We got the red drank, orange drank, purple drank
Laughing at these mark hoes that say they never heard of drank
Half-gallon Big Gulp, Big Red, big cup
Drink mixed up, blowing sweets, and lighting sticks up
Now in my new world, slow down, I can see
Niggas talking shit, trying to see if what they said got to me
But ho-ass type of skills say a lot to me
You just gon' fuck around and get yourself shot, to be
Or not to be, motherfuckers plot to see me crack
Under pressure, so they just impress a nigga to see me react
These niggas try to start me down like a scary clown
Don't dare me, 'round here we fuck your game up like Larry Brown
And carry pounds of killer 'round like groceries
With a presence that make you not want to stand close to me
Talking about we s'posed to be brothers
Don't make me laugh motherfuckers
You chose to be on the side opposing me
Don't matter what coast you be
From, Bun and C will light your world up explosively
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day
Motherfuckers wanna start shit in every way
That's why I carry my motherfucking gun every single day

Lil' one, lil' one, lil' one, lil' one, lil' one
Lil' one, lil' one, lil' one, lil' one, lil' one
That's some real shit (FBG)
The Wizrd, play with 'em (woo, woo)
Don't make me, don't make me
Yeah (that's how ww rock)
Rebel, like a motherfuckin' rebel, nigga
See, my lil nig' keep that mask on, I'ma keep that cash on him
I'ma keep that cash on him, I'ma do the dash
Don't make me drop a bird on you, I'm gon' drop a bag on you
I'm gon' drop that bag on you, don't make me drop that bag on you
Ayy, my lil' nigga keep that mask on, nigga gon' keep that mask on
Nigga gon' keep that mask on, nigga gon' keep that mask on
My lil' nig' keep that MAC on him, gotta keep that MAC on him
Gotta keep that MAC on, they pla-pla-pla-pla-plack on you
Solitaires on me, no cards
Niggas gon' pull up and spray in broad
Got the yopper on him right now
And he ready to pull up right now
Choppa hit a nigga with the scope
Fuck this pussy shit, we sellin' dope
Turn the hood into Iraq
On the corner, flippin' that pack
AK-47s and lortabs
Drugged up on them fuckin' Percocets
Fell asleep and woke up with that yopper
And he playin' with it right now
See, my lil nig' keep that mask on, I'ma keep that cash on him
I'ma keep that cash on him, I'ma do the dash
Don't make me drop a bird on you, I'm gon' drop a bag on you
I'm gon' drop that bag on you, don't make me drop that bag on you
Ayy, my lil' nigga keep that mask on, nigga gon' keep that mask on
Nigga gon' keep that mask on, nigga gon' keep that mask on
My lil' nig' keep that MAC on him, gotta keep that MAC on him
Gotta keep that MAC on, they pla-pla-pla-pla-plack on you
Trap with that .44 camouflage
The AR and TEC, that's a real menage
Jump out the side of a Caravan
Flippin' that work, you the middleman
Got that penthouse with the dogs off it
You take them Roxies with some alcohol
You rob in the daytime, nigga, my trap is a gold mine, nigga
Pour the four then cut the four
You play with that dog food, you play with that, play with that
These niggas are runnin' a gun store, they comin' to kick in your front door
The goonies got hoodies and money, Frank Lucas a role model
Hit 'em and hit 'em and lick 'em up and go get your own bottle
See, my lil nig' keep that mask on, I'ma keep that cash on him
I'ma keep that cash on him, I'ma do the dash
Don't make me drop a bird on you, I'm gon' drop a bag on you
I'm gon' drop that bag on you, don't make me drop that bag on you
Ayy, my lil' nigga keep that mask on, nigga gon' keep that mask on
Nigga gon' keep that mask on, nigga gon' keep that mask on
My lil' nig' keep that MAC on him, gotta keep that MAC on him
Gotta keep that MAC on, they pla-pla-pla-pla-plack on you

You know 'bout me and my chopper, nigga
Watch this
Nigga, I'm dressed in my T, Girbauds, and Reeboks
Gotta settle beef for a nigga shot up my block
Get my clique, load them things up in the van
Don't matter they in front the law we gon' blast
We creepin', sweepin' to catch these niggas slippin'
Every hood we think they be in we dippin'
Even through people, all through people yard
Believe me tonight they goin' to ?
We ridin' all night, finally got lucky
We saw 'em chillin' back, turned on the block hustlin'
Hit the lights, park, jumped out, walked
Crept down on 'em, let them AK's bark
One of them niggas broke out, I broke out behind him
Went down the alley, went under the house, I went behind him
Caught him, then I ch-chopped him up
In the process my Reebok's got fucked up
I'm runnin' with my chopper
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper
Knock a head off with my chopper
And bang at the law with my chopper
Look, I'm runnin' with my chopper
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper
Knock a head off with my chopper
Then bang at the law with my chopper
Evenin' got dark you know it's 'bout to be some G shit
Twelve o'clock done hit it's midnight madness
Sun down, moon out you know them snakes comin'
Guerrillas on they way with them hundred-round drummins
Better get to runnin' I'm killin' by the dozen
Bitch, you're up you get eternal bleedin' from the stomach
I'm buckin', I'm bustin', I'm bringin' trouble on your block
I ain't fearin' nothin' you're in front me, you get chopped
I'm hot, dog keep that glock and it's cocked, dog
First time you're caught off your game, you drop, dog
I'm true to the game ho, play for keeps
Pull up with the passenger drivin' way in the back seat
I don't give a fuck, never did, been real
Since I was young been seein' cats get killed
When it get dark better be able to run quick
'Cause after that, that chopper gonna talk shit
I'm runnin' with my chopper
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper
Knock a head off with my chopper
bang at the law with my chopper
Look, I'm runnin' with my chopper
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper
Knock a head off with my chopper
Then bang at the law with my chopper
If you don't know, I'm the BG, all about beefin'
Catch ya bobbin' your head at the dj and leave you leakin'
I'm on a buck, fuck on the up, then squeeze it
? nigga look, LT family grievin'
I'm on a mission to leave they family grievin'
Cut my dog life short, now I gotta teach 'em
I'ma ? and send work to ?
Keep niggas bust up goin' through his morgue
I'ma fool Baby handed me my first tool
Told me if I feel played do what I gotta do
Nowadays I don't play with that K in my hand
You don't know from last album, I'ma made man
Uptown where I'm from VL my stumpin' ground
Get outta line, I empty a drum at ya, clown
I'm a dog, dog I'm tellin' ya I'm raw, dog
Like Pac: ya ain't in my clique, fuck all y'all
I'm runnin' with my chopper
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper
Knock a head off with my chopper
bang at the law with my chopper
Look (look), I'm runnin' with my chopper
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper
Knock a head off with my chopper
And bang at the law with my chopper
Runnin' with my chopper (Runnin' with my chopper)
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper (Set it off with my chopper)
Knock a head off with my chopper (Knock a head off with my chopper)
bang at the law with my chopper (bang at the law with my chopper)
I'm runnin' with my chopper (Runnin' with my chopper)
I'm 'bout to set it off with my chopper (Set it off with my chopper)
Knock a head off with my chopper (Knock a head off)
bang at the law with my chopper (bang, bang at the law, nigga, huh?)
Oh, nigga, what you know 'bout that chopper?
Fuck ya heard checkmate with that chopper!
Nigga, checkmate with that chopper

Yeah, this nigga think we hoes or somethin' my nigga
Shit, man what the, lemme talk to the motherfucker
How hard we really motherfucker is in this bitch, nah'm sayin?
Fuck nigga, shit man, ol' punk ass kids, gon' throw me out the club nigga
That don't mean nuthin' nigga, I'm gon' fuck this nigga up, my nigga
Shit, lemme show this motherfucker how hard this shit really is
So I'm outside of the club and you think I'm a punk
So I go to my loaded tech nine that's off in the trunk
I told that motherfucker
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (north side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
Let the choppa go blow to your melon
Now the plasma is oozin outta yo cerebellum
Attention! Fuck nigga, now you swellin
You ain't talkin hardcore, now is ya? Lil' bitch
Got'em runnin scared of a bigger nigga
'Cause I put the heat to his ummm hilfiger
Now on dat drank and on some of dat dank
Pistols gettin bursted now I need something to drank
So I'm outside of the club and you think I'm a punk
So I go to my loaded tech nine that's off in the trunk
I told that motherfucker
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (north side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
I got a hot 4 fever, call that bitch bonita
Knock the apple off any bum with the hollow heat seeker
Red cross bitch niggas, fuck the pint, she take blood by the litre
I'll never leave her, my viscous vixen
On liquor, send dat ass to god quicker
No matter yo religion, you muslim, hebrew or christian
She indiscriminate with punishment, she send 'em missin
My gun's my favourite bitch and
And she got permanent pms so she stay bitchin!
So I'm outside of the club and you think I'm a punk
So I go to my loaded tech nine that's off in the trunk
I told that motherfucker
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (north side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
No, I ain't bad, just don't kiss no ass or take shit
And I'm a grown man, find you somebody to play wit
If you don't like me when you see me, betta not say shit
I'll choke yo ass out like dre did that bitch
You betta tell these pussies they ain't fuckin wit no rookie
I'm a bankhead nigga, I'll take yo cookies
So don't make it a me or you situation
I'll have yo partner down in icu visitation
Like, hope for the best, but I don't think he gon' make it
Not the way he was shiverin and shakin on the pavement
I'll tell you what, if you make it, call 'em grace 'cause he amazin'
Find out these verses wasn't the only thing blazin' and
Just when you thought that I was done I was savin' the
Best for last, nigga kiss my ass
Like della reese, they my folks, it's best you just let 'em be
'Cause I do the shit precincts and them feds just ain't never see nigga
So I'm outside of the club and you think I'm a punk
So I go to my loaded tech nine that's off in the trunk
I told that motherfucker
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (north side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
Yeah nigga! Just break 'em off muthafucka
We the real niggas. All you hatin' motherfuckas, underachievers
Step back, hoe nigga! Listen closely
We ain't never scared of none of you niggas
T.i., bone crusher, killer mike, just break 'em off nigga
So I'm outside of the club and you think I'm a punk
So I go to my loaded tech nine that's off in the trunk
I told that motherfucker
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (north side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
So I'm outside of the club and you think I'm a punk
So I go to my loaded tech nine that's off in the trunk
I told that motherfucker
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (north side)
I ain't never scared (south side)
I ain't never scared (east side)
I ain't never scared (west side)

Lex Luger
That nigga Lex Luger
Flocka!
I go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
Leave you stanking, nigga
What the fuck you thinking, nigga?
I won't die for this shit or what the fuck I say (Brick Squad!)
Front yard, broad day with the SK
See Gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
I hang in the town with them Hit Squad killers
Waka Flocka Flame, one hood-ass nigga
Riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga (Flocka!)
Got a main bitch (And?), got a mistress (What else?)
A couple girlfriends, I'm so hood-rich
Keep my dick hard (Yeah) and keep me smoking
You'll get bills free, shawty, no joking (Real talk)
And what I stand for? (Flocka!) Brick Squad (Brick Squad)
I'ma die for this shawty, man, I swear to God
In the trap with some killers and some hood niggas
Where you at? Where you trap? You ain't hood, nigga (Baow!)
Keep this shit 300, put that shit on my hood (Flocka)
Crips fucking with me, G's and the Vice Lords (Brrrrrrr)
Esé and amigos freestyle off the dome
Brick Squad, Waka Flocka Flame is fucking home (Flocka!)
I go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
Leave you stanking, nigga, what the fuck you thinking, nigga?
I won't die for this shit or what the fuck I say (Brick Squad)
Front yard, broad day with the SK
See Gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
I hang in the town with them Hit Squad killers
Waka Flocka Flame, one hood-ass nigga
Riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga
What's up, pussy nigga? (What's up?)
What's up, punk nigga? (What's up?)
Black out on that nigga, make your momma's momma miss you
Hope you got your killers with you
Hope you got your niggas with you
Hope your goons riding with you
They gon' fucking miss you, nigga
Nigga with a attitude like Eaze and Cube
When my little brother died, I said, "Fuck school!"
I picked the burner up, then I grabbed some marijuana
Two years later, screaming, "Now I'm here, your honor!"
Glock 9, the SK, if you want to beef
Shawty, point blank range, I'll put your ass to sleep
Shawty, talk is cheap, so watch what you say
Broad day in the air like this shit legal (Flocka!)
I go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
Leave you stanking, nigga, what the fuck you thinking, nigga?
I won't die for this shit or what the fuck I say (Brick Squad)
Front yard, broad day with the SK (Bow-bow-bow-bow-baow!)
See Gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
I hang in the town with them Hit Squad killers
Waka Flocka Flame one hood-ass nigga
Riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga
Flocka, Waka
Waka, Waka, Waka (Flocka)
Waka, Waka, Waka (Flocka)
Flocka, Flocka, Flocka (Waka)
Waka, Waka, Waka (Flocka)
Waka Flocka, Flocka (Waka)
Waka Flocka Flame, Brick Squad!
Yuh, yuh, yuh
Yuh, yuh, Brick Squad
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
Yuh, yuh, Brick Squad
Yuh, Flocka!
I go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
Leave you stanking, nigga, what the fuck you thinking, nigga?
I won't die for this shit or what the fuck I say (Brick Squad!)
Front yard, broad day with the SK (Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-baow!)
See Gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
I hang in the town with them Hit Squad killers
Waka Flocka Flame, one hood-ass nigga
Riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga (Flocka!)

Look I be riding through my old hood, but I'm in my new whip
Same old attitude but I'm on that new shit
They say they gon' rob me, see me never do shit
Cause they know that's the reason that's gone end up on a news clips
Audemar on my wrist, bustdown
We poppin' bottles like I scored the winning touchdown
Remember Meek dead broke? Look at me, up now
I run my city from south Philly back to uptown
Thank god, all these bottles I popped
All this paper I been gettin, all these models I popped
I done sold a hundred thousand before my album got dropped
And I'm only 23 I'm the shit now look at me
Look at me I'm a boss like my nigga Rozay
Shawty asked me for a check, I told that bitch like no way
'Cause I made it from the bottom there was nothin' on the way
And I never had a job, you know I had to sell yay
Bitch I'm a boss
I call the shots
I'm with the murder team
Call the cops
We in the building
Y'all are not
You short on the paper, you gon' ball or not
Bitch, I'm a boss (I'm a boss)
Bitch, I'm a boss (I'm a boss)
I plan the shots (ugh) I call the calls (ugh)
We in this bitch
It's goin' down
Yeah I'm the king
Now where my mu'fuckin' crown?
Bitch I'm a boss (I'm a boss)
I plan the shots, I call the calls
Got so many shades they thought I had a lazy eye
Shorty rode me smooth as my Mercedes ride
No love cry when only babies die
And when I go that casket better cost a hundred thou
I pray to god I look my killer in his eyes
Snatch his soul up out that shirt let's take him for that ride
OG is one who standing on his own feet
A Boss is one who guarantee we gone eat
Fuck a blog dog cause one day we gon' meet
I'm a spazz on yo ass like I'm on e
Or a double stack better nigga double that
Jerry Jones money nigga you a running back
Herschel Walker, Bo Jack, Ricky Waters
Better run that dope back
Boss, and I put that on my Maybach
Fo' hundred thou' bitch you wish you saved that
Bitch I'm a boss (I'm a boss)
I plan the shots, I call the calls
Couple cars I don't never drive, bikes I don't never ride
Crib I ain't never been, pool I don't never swim
Fool you ain't better, I move like the president
Err thang black on black you know I be strapp'n that
Rattin' ass niggas walkin round wear'n wires fuckin up the game
Got the hood on fire bitch I'm a king call me sire
If you say I don't run my city you a muthafucking liar
Bitch I'm a boss, you a fraud,
You cross the line I get you murdered for a cost
Out in Vegas, I took a loss
At the fight we watchin' Floyd we on the floor
Scared money don't make no money
If I ever go broke I'm a take yo money
I ain't never dropped a dime
You ain't take nun from me
In the hood err day I'm good what I say
Bitch I'm a boss (I'm a boss)
I plan the shots, I call the calls

Y'all tryna make a next motherfuckin' scene up in here, huh?
It's fucking Shmurda she wrote (ah-ah-ahh)
How much Shmoney's that?
(Ah-ah-ahh)
Jahlil Beats, holla at me
Ah-ah
And Truey on some hot nigga (hot nigga)
Like I talk to Shyste when I shot niggas (what's good?)
Like you seen him twirl, then he drop, nigga (seen him drop)
And we keep them 9 millis on my block, nigga
And Monte keep it on him, he done dropped niggas
And Trigger, he be wilding, he some hot nigga
Tones known to get busy with them Glocks, nigga
Try to run down and you can catch a shot, nigga
Running through these checks 'til I pass out (pass out)
And shorty give me neck 'til I pass out (pass out)
I swear to God, all I do is cash out (all I do)
And if you ain't a ho, get up out my trap house
I been selling crack since like the fifth grade (like the fifth grade)
Really never made no difference what the shit made (what the shit made)
Jaja taught me flip them packs and how to maintain (how to maintain)
Get that money back and spend it on the same thang
Shawty like the way that I ball out (ball out)
I be getting money 'til I fall out (fall out)
You talking cash, dog, I goes all out (all out)
Shorty love the way that I floss out
Free Greezy, though, let all of my dogs out (let my dogs out)
Mama said no pussycats inside my doghouse (easy, nigga)
That's what got my daddy locked up in the dog pound (huh)
Free Phantom though, let all of my dogs out
We gon' pull up in that hooptie like we cops on 'em
With them 16s, we gon' put some shots on 'em
I send a lil' thot to send the drop on him (send it, send it)
She gon' call me up and I'ma sic the hots on him (and I'ma, and I'ma)
Grimey savage, that's what we are (we are)
Grimey shooters dressed in G-Star (star)
GS9, I go so hard (hard)
But GS for my gun squad (that's for my gun squad)
And, bitch, if it's a problem, we gon' gun-brawl
Shots popping out the AR (b-b-b-bow, nigga)
I'm with Trigger, I'm with Rasha, I'm with A-Rod (b-b-b-bow, nigga)
Broad daylight and we gon' let them things bark
Tell them niggas free Meeshie, hoe (free Meeshie)
SUBwave, free Breezy, hoe (Free Breezy, hoe)
And tell my niggas, Shmurda teaming, hoe (Shmurda teaming, hoe)
Mitch caught a body about a week ago, week ago
Fuck with us and then we tweaking, hoe, tweaking, hoe
Run up on that nigga, get to squeezing, hoe, squeezing, hoe
Everybody catching bullet holes, bullet holes (b-b-b-boom)
Niggas got me on my bully, yo, bully, yo
I'ma run up, put that gun on him (put that gun on him)
I'ma run up, go dumb on him (dumb on him)
Niggas got me on that young shit (that young shit)
Got me on that go-dumb shit (dumb shit)
Got me on that go-dumb shit, man
Trap mode in this motherfucker
Hotter than a bitch
Ayo, pour up! I need some more drank

Bang Bang
I Shot You Down, Bang Bang
You Hit The Ground, Bang Bang
That Awefull Sound, Bang Bang
I Used To Shoot You Down
Don't Nobody Wanna Die, But Everybody Wanna Ball
Somebody Gotta Go, When Them Killa's Call
You Know It's In Us All, You Just Gotta Find It And Use It
You Can Get Away With It, If You Don't Abuse It
The Streets Talk, The Beats Mark, 'cause That Heat Comin'
And If They Know That You Did It, You Better Keep Runnin'
I Think I See Sumthin, There Go My Enemy
Only Lord Knows Where This Nigga F'nd To Be
Tennakee, Still The Price Is As Real If You Look It
Might Give It To You For 5, Depend On If I Took It
Nigga Anything Goes, My Shop Never Close
From The Nickels And The Dimes To The Whole Kilo
The Real Niggas Feel Me, The Haters Wanna Kill Me
But I'm Holdin' Down My City, Me And This 9 Milli
While Your Throwin' Bricks, And Hidin' Ya Heads
Homie, I Know Where You Hang
Ain't No Thang To Walk Up And Let That Chopper Go...
Bang Bang
I Shot You Down, Bang Bang
You Hit The Ground, Bang Bang
That Awefull Sound, Bang Bang
I Used To Shoot You Down
Now All The Gangsta's Pray
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me
Just Think If I Ain't Empty The Clip, And He Killed Me
Would I Still Be Livin'?, Would My Homeboy's Miss Me?
How Many Niggas Bust They Gun When They Have To?
Don't Need No Ski Mask When It's Time To Get At You
I'm Glad You Done Seen What It Look Like When We Left
Brain Fragments From Shot-Gun Blasts'll Take A Nigga Breathe
It's Death Before Dishonesty, Dope Deals And Robbery
Poppa Wasn't Around, But That Shit Didn't Bother Me
I'd Probably Be In The Penitentary
But I Played The Cards, The Dead Lord Sent To Me
The Whole Truth, I Use This Booth To Speak To My Thug Niggas
Why You Mad At Me? The Government's The Drug Dealers
Before I Let This Police Kid Harass Me
This Rookie Ass Cop Gon' Have To Blast Me
He Asked Me For Identification, I Looked At Him And Laughed
He Made A Move And I Heard A Blast
That's What You Get, Bitch
Bang Bang
I Shot You Down, Bang Bang
You Hit The Ground, Bang Bang
That Awefull Sound, Bang Bang
I Used To Shoot You Down
Now All The Gangsta's Pray
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me
It's Goin Down Around Here Nigga
Get Ya Muthafuckin Head Bust
Them Muthafuckin Street Lights Go Out
And Them Real Niggas Come Out
All The Bitch Niggas Go In The House
Just Not A Game, Man
Don't Fuck Around And Lose Your Brain
And Hey, All My Real Niggas Pray
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me
Lord, Forgive Me
But He Tried To Kill Me
Somebody Out There Gotta Feel Me

My ambition as a rider
Yeah, it's my ambition as a rider
Yeah, it's my ambition as a rider
Hey, it's my ambition as a rider
Rolling, joking, smoking, thinking how I got here
Looking, loading toasters, pussy you was not there
Holding, never folding, we was on the top 10
Shackled to our ankles it was like a nightmare
You ever wash out your drawers on the same water you shit?
Doing your push ups right on the floor where you piss?
Cellmates with niggas that went to war with the strips
You got to rumble from night time down to the morning and shit
I tried to tell them
Forever label me felon
Clutchin' that pistol, God made me rebellious
Fuck with them niggas, teach you a lesson
Fingers on triggers, meet Smith and Wesson
I seen pussy niggas turn on me
Throw the money let it burn on 'em
If I feel like he a threat I put a bird on him
And my young hittas will swerve on him
My ambition as a rider
Oh, yeah, my ambition as a rider
Oh, yeah, my ambition as a rider
Oh, yeah, its my ambition as a rider
Money the root of evil, wait 'til them shooters see you
Lurkin in Grand Marquises, scopin' on you, your people
Made a movie with niggas, murder and you the sequel
Bullets gon' riddle you, they gon' use two to feed you
Momma gonna pull the plug, head big as Hey Arnold's full of blood
Smell the death in the air when we pullin' up
Bullets go B-B-BRRRR, fill 'em up
Bloody murder hollow tips out the clip
I repent when I murder opposites
Pick and roll, stop and pick
I reload, spin the corner, drop the shit
And we need no evidence for residents to grief 'bout
Them sluggies hit you nigga, breathe out
And keep your eyes open 'til you start to wheeze out
We wipe your mothafuckin' team out
My ambition as a rider
Oh, yeah, my ambition as a rider
Oh, yeah, my ambition as a rider
Oh, yeah, its my ambition as a rider

[Intro: Ox]
Ital, original Don Dada say
The motherfuckin saga just begun
WARNING! Warning, cinder boots
Sunk in the mud, I am

[Hook: Ox]
(Killin, killin, killin) The original, WAR! So
Kill dem pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Killin pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Send a man, no mind our business or die tonight
Or tell him ass again that 'im end soon come
Before 'im come, mi Gucci Mane come
Before 'im come, de Don Dada come
When we come, it's a battle gun come
Pussy gwan see we, and started to run
But - nowhere to 'ide, me-say nowhere to run
Infrared light might dead 'pon we gun
See 'im place the spot them a dead 'im fall down so
Kill him pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy, kill dem fi fun

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Man I murder fo' fun but my job is never done
From morning morn' to the setting of the sun
Bad men come come, come get murdered for fun
The hundred round drum in my tommy gun
Be a cat in the Hum' I'll cut out your tongue
Me and Ox, man we murder fo' fun
Talk talk bad man, come get murdered fo' fun
The Gucci Mane, man I murder fo' fun
See my momma ain't raised no bitch-ass nigga
Never heard Gucci Mane no snitch-ass nigga
When you dealin with a vet, don't bring a rookie
Tell Young Jeezy that I smell pussy
The top shotter with the Don Dada
The whole hood is a done daddah
M holla to the state of Nevada
Put a hole in your fuckin oblongota pussy

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Big Cat is a Army, better yet a Navy
Try to kill Gucci Mane, bitch it ain't gravy
Tell Jeezy it's a bullet with his name on it
A ten thousand dollar hit, he put my chain on it
Ye ain't heard about it? You ain't seen the news?
Ye ain't read the paper? You fuckin player hater
Bird brain-ass nigga perpetratin the boss
Might think you won one but you really done lost, bitch!

My dogz iz my gunz, my dogz iz my gunz
My dogz iz my gunz, my dogs iz my gunz
My dogz iz my gunz, my dogs iz my gunz
My dogz iz my gunz
They attack any nigga that comes or any niggas that rings
If my glocks on safe that means my dogz on the leash
Twenty shells in the clip, each bullet's the teeth
Keep my dogz starvin', they ain't ate in days
Keep my gunz loaded, they can't wait to spray
My glock iz a Rot, my four fifty iz a Pit
My D.E. a bullmaster, who wanna get bit?
When my gunz spark that means I let 'em loose in the park
Now let's see if your bite iz as big as your bark
My nine against your nine to the death, have a dogfight
Foamin' at the mouthpiece, run the streets all night
My dogz turn to razors up North
They don't wear collars, scratched the serial off
No owner, no dogtag, my dogz iz illegal
They bite a hole in you so big you can see through
My dogz will even bark at his own click
This a K9, it eat his own shit
They tried to put him to sleep, kids scared to pet him
I just say, "Sick 'em" an' it pulls of an' get 'em
My fuckin' gunz, my fuckin' gunz
My dogz iz my fuckin' gunz
Rob you doggystyle with the gun in your back
My dogz iz my fuckin' gunz
My dogz iz my gunz, they'll chase you if you run
Clear out the party an' bite somebody
They got niggas goin' to war for the cause
An' you don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
A dog ain't a man's best friend, it's a Mac 10
An' my Mac 10 iz my best friend
It got niggas goin' to war for the cause
An' you don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
I got two dogz, one named Nigga, one named Bitch
Bitch iz the one with the pretty gold clip
Nigga's the one with the taped up grip
I'll make 'em empty simultaneous 'til you get hit
Fuck fightin' in the streets, life iz a struggle
Put on a silencer, now they're wearin' a muzzle
I hate Puppies, little gunz, I need power
You small time, a 22, you a Chihuahua
Teeth growin', bullets we never run outta
My dogz mate with new gunz, I feed 'em gun powder
They ain't home trained nor house broken
Mouth open, droolin', that means the barrel iz smokin'
I walk my dogz every night, prime-meridian
Bust under water, they can swim, amphibian
Turn 'em to a sawed-off, get their ears chopped off
My automatic's a Pit with the locked jaw
My dogz iz my gunz, they'll chase you if you run
Clear out the party an' bite somebody
They got niggas goin' to war for the cause
An' you don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
A dog ain't a man's best friend, it's a Mac 10
An' my Mac 10 is my best friend
It got niggas goin' to war for the cause
An' you don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
You don't want my dogz to bark at y'all
My dogz iz my gunz
My dogz iz my gunz
My dogz iz my gunz
My dogz iz my gunz, I walk wit' 'em, talk wit 'em
Go to court wit 'em, always in New York wit' 'em
I never leave 'em, eat wit' em, sleep wit' 'em
Sit 'em on the sink, nigga, take a leak wit' 'em
My dogz iz my fuckin' gunz
My dogz iz my fuckin' gunz
My dogz iz my fuckin' gunz
Bust your dogz, that's your fuckin' gunz

Take em up, take em out, bring em out dead
Shine em up, shine em up, shine a bald head
One gun, two gun, three gun, four
Your, mine, it's all about crime
Onyx
It's time to get live, live, live like a wire
I set a whole choir on fire
Well done, on the grill, shot skills kills
And no frills - they try to diss me, they getting crispy
Ha, ha hah hah, and we do it like this
In fact, you players jack Jack's
Cause they can burn in hell shit for all that I care
Beware the bald head the dread said if they dare
Stick-up's assassin, traction new reaction
These fucking niggas shoulda made the All-Madden!
Onyx is wrecking shit, slip-slide step quick
Super on it infinite that gets crashed like a rented
The shit they write is black and white; well mine's got mad color
Ain't that right, my blood brother?!
Word up, raise it up
We do it with the crew that don't give a fuck
Throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Heads up, cause we're dropping some shit
On your now shot-skills, Onyx Tec-9 for a while
Keep your eyes open in the fight, I'mma swell em
The hardcore style, rowdy-n-wild, hits I'mma sell em
To all competition slide back then listen
I'm kicking all that, shit to the doormat
Claiming this domain, cause mad pains
Blood stains, long range - cock gats!
Crazy clips, I sink ships, cutting faces like a pirate
I've never caught a flood, for the mad shit that I did
Heard, you got the word so observe
I shatter and splatter bodies that blows and bust nerds, open
I always leave my barrel smoking
Throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Just throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Just throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Just throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Ah, I hate your fucking guts, and I hope that you die
Sticky Fingaz, the name, and my life is a lie
Cause I'm having a bad day, so stay out of my way
And we're the pistol packing people, so you better obey
Just in the nick of time, I commit the perfect crime
Rip my heart from my chest, put it right into a rhyme
I don't feel pain cause it's all in the mind
And what's mines is mines and, yours is mine
Don't fucking blink or I'mma rob yo' ass blind
Onyx, is ripping shit, I got the Tec-9
So what the bumba clot boy buck-buck-buck-buck
It's like a catastrophe, fucking with me, G
I'm a bald head with a knife
I want your money or your life
So, so, so, so
Throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Just throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Just throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
Just throw ya guns in the air
And buck buck like you just don't care
We the motherfuckin Onyx
And we don't give a flying motherfucking fuck
Ay yo DS man we gonna come get you out of jail man
Fuck that, yo DS we coming man, we got the bail
We got the bail, we gonna break you out man
Fuck that, yeah
We the fuck up out of this piece

I Woke up this morning with murder on my mind
My nigga boutta hit me with another throw away burner around 9
So I get up get back on my shit
Working off a pack never had no brick
17 homeboys up in the clip
Before I beg like a bitch Im a hit me a lick
On everythang
Lay you on that stretcher man
Bust that thang or rest in flames when you disrespect the game
Can't do that don't sell cocaine
Cock that four fifth back and aim
Do my dirt all by my self
No witnesses to say my name
Im fresh up out a city where most niggas broke
60% unemployment... why you think we sellin dope?
Lil kids walk around with that issue pistols you gotta tote
Don't get caught sleepin these G.I. streets'll leave you comatose

I got my gun you got your gun but will you bust your burner
Niggas pack heat but they don't really want that murder murder
I got my gun you got your gun but will you bust your burner
Niggas pack heat but they don't really want that murder murder

Aye bitch fuck with me whats up
Im...not gonna let bitch niggas knock me off my grind
Off my Grind
Woke up this morning with murder on my mind
Nigga Im knee deep in this beefin
Out here creepin and squeezin
Give a nigga one reason Ill leave niggas leakin
Aye bitch fuck with me whats up
Im...not gonna let bitch niggas knock me off my grind
Off my grind
Woke up this morning with murder on my mind
Nigga Im knee deep in this beefin
Out here creepin and squeezin
Give a nigga one reason Ill leave niggas leakin
Aye bitch fuck with me whats up

How many niggas can remember the
First time you had to ride out on your enemy
Ski mask over my skull to cover my identity
Im a make these niggas bleed and vacate the vicinity
Bustin off that chopper my knocka
Never been no thang to me
You can add me up Im straight 100 and its plain to see
Lets talk with heaters you can miss me with that fakery
These niggas really ain't the killers that they claim to be
Chillin on a back street loadin up the black piece
Bout to go and hit em with his execution
And dont get caught up in the middle
Cause the bullets gonna riddle
You can forget about a resolution
Ill send a nigga to his maker
Get away with the paper
And disapear into the night like a ghost
One false move and thats all she wrote
100 thousand niggas in this city
Over half them of them mutha fuckas probably comin at my throat

I pack my toast bust I my burner
Niggas pack heat but they dont really want that murder murder
Bitch one more time I said
I pack my toast I bust my burner
Niggas pack heat but they dont really want that murder murder

Hey bitch fuck with me whats up
Im...not gonna let bitch niggas knock me off my grind
Off my Grind
Woke up this morning with murder on my mind
Nigga Im knee deep in this beefin
Out here creepin and squeezin
Give a nigga one reason Ill leave niggas leakin
Aye bitch fuck with me whats up
Im...not gonna let bitch niggas knock me off my grind
Off my grind
Woke up this morning with murder on my mind
Nigga Im knee deep in this beefin
Out here creepin and squeezin
Give a nigga one reason Ill leave niggas leakin
Aye bitch fuck with me whats up

Murder y'all, kill 'em all, man
Murder y'all, kill 'em all, kill 'em all, kill 'em all
Murder y'all, kill 'em all, man, kill 'em all, man
Murder y'all, kill 'em all, kill 'em all, kill 'em all
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder mo
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder
Will ya die, die, die, die, die, die
Die, die, die, die, die, die
Better watch that redrum
Tha bloody mo, murder mo, merger, it will learn ya
Don't be fuckin' with the thug to thug slug
Rippin' them guts and drippin' that blood
Roll with tha gun in my hand
And they can't understand how we ran wit' da murder mo
Niggas, were jealous and they [unverified]
They get me, stick me
Playa haters, they be quick when they pull out they weapon
Me wish you would never decease
It's keeping me deep and they all be me victim
And on da phone when I call my dogs
I'll be ready anytime you wanna go
(Ho)
Put him on tha ground wit' da 4-4
I just wanna let a nigga know
Niggas steady fakin' like they rollin' with da Bone
When they really wanna see the Bone go
Now nigga you dead wrong
You better take a couple steps backwards
I'll collapse ya, cap to the playa haters
Just remember we're pillin' you jealous back stabbers
Back stabbers
(Hey)
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder mo
Da da da
Claim my thang to slang, claim my thang to slang
(My thang, my thang, my thang, my thang)
Claim my thang to slang, claim my thang to slang
(My thang, my thang, my thang, my thang)
Claim my thang to slang, claim my thang to slang
(My thang, my thang, my thang, my thang)
Claim my thang to slang, claim my thang to slang
(My thang, my thang, my thang, my thang)
My thang, my thang, my thang
(My thang)
Nigga fuck them po-po, we betcha gotta automatic
(Oh yeah)
Let's pump that bore up
If I could just look up and see po-po dyin' I and I, I'm flippin my mind
Stoned up wit' da gauge, little rip'll put tha donut in the grave
Where they lay, then we play wit' da AK-47, 357, even 187
I gotta gauge and you got a gun
But cha better try to get ya weapon out before mine
Shoot 'em in da head, but you make sure they dead
Then da nigga fin da fled, while they layin' in red
Call my OG homies, tell me when the police come you pray
Nigga gotta go, see ya later ho, leatherface gots to get to [unverified]
Stay leatherface got's to get to [unverified]
When a nigga wanna try me
Had da heat a wit' da trigger on a nigga
But I really, really get it witcha
Hey, Easy, pop, steady murder dem po-po now
I can stay packin' when attackin' po-po, there's really no place to run
Niggas get viscous wit' my clickas
Gotta kill 'em all with my shotgun
Stun blastin' when attackin' po-po, there's really no place to run
Niggas get viscous wit' my clickas, gotta kill 'em all with my shotgun
Rollin', rollin', rollin', baby, that's thugs up into your soul and
You swollen stiff and cold and nigga we watchin' you drop and foldin'
You swollen stiff and cold and nigga we watchin' you drop and foldin'
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder them all they fall
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder them all they fall
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder them all they fall
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder them all they fall
We never knew homie could fuck wit' da tongue
They give us no competition
Who's got the gun, don't fuck wit' number one
We never knew homie could fuck wit' da tongue
They give us no competition
If ya [unverified], feel real, reload da clip
Murder mo, murder mo, murder mo, murder them all they fall, they fall
Dear Mr. Oiuja, dear Mr. Oiuja
Dear Mr. Oiuja, dear Mr. Oiuja is it
Many mo murder, murder, mo murder mo, mo
Many mo murder, murder, mo murder mo, mo
Many mo murder, murder, mo murder mo, mo
Many mo murder, murder, mo murder mo, mo
Mo, mo, mo
Stalkin' toss 'em, put 'em in a coffin [unverified]
Stalkin' toss 'em, put 'em in a coffin [unverified]
Stalkin' toss 'em, put 'em in a coffin [unverified]
Stalkin' toss 'em, put 'em in a coffin [unverified]
Rollin' in da St. Clair way
Wit' a big 12 gauge in da grave they lay
(They lay)
Rollin' in da St. Clair way
Wit' a big 12 gauge in da grave they lay
(They lay)
Rollin' in da St. Clair way
Wit' a big 12 gauge in da grave they lay
(They lay)
Rollin' in da St. Clair way
Wit' a big 12 gauge in da grave they lay
(They lay)

What happens when you combine the darkness with the light?
I'm bringing pain like two bad nurses
And the pain from these here, motherfuckin' verses
Ridiculous thirstses involving hearses to the dirt, shit
First picks and use 'n autos to work with slugs to the shirt, shit
(Just to squirt shit)
A wicked hit with an expert kick and burst 'til the earth split
Leave you hurt bitch, show you how worser than worst
Get in the zone, see the vein when the pain repel
And then they closin' the curtains, bitch
(When adrenaline's pumpin')
I don't understand discussion, only hear certain shit
I'm a misunderstood nigga and I'm off my square high
Got me reversin' clips and dispersin' shit
What can I say to make you see how the fuck I feel
To make me wanna jump off of the edge
I'm charged off of suckers gettin' shot up off the ledge
No pain, instead of 'caine I took a blunt off to the head
(So tell me what it said)
Retaliate with lethal repercussion, I feel the reefer rushing
To go into thangs, like it's a wicked stick
Took the Benadryl, hot like I'm fin' ta steal
To get the kickin' shit for niggaz and bitches that I kick it with
I was born to get you pumped up
It's like some lead bust 'cause I give motherfuckers a head rush
Then yo' head bust when you jumped up
'Cause what I said must've got you geeked, my eyes red puffed
From smokin' shit that niggaz hit on to die
Make me wanna slip the clip on the side
And if you act like a bitch on the side
If we have to then the whole Westside'll
Let the shit go on and ride when the trigga bust
Like when a motherfucker have to go and pick up the pump
To make his opposition chest kick up and jump
When you lit up the gun to make your body get up and uhh
Like when a motherfucker have to go pick up the pump
To make a trigger pick up and dump
So turn the bass, kick up and bump
And let the rhythm hit off the trunk
Like when a motherfucker have to go and pick up the pump
To make his opposition chest kick up and jump
When you lit up the gun to make your body get up and uhh
Like when a motherfucker have to go and pick up the pump
To make a trigger pick up and dump
So turn the bass, kick up and bump
And let the rhythm hit off the trunk
Pullin' up and bailin' out like we're carsick, I'm ready to start shit
Start up buryin' some heads like an ostrich
And unload the whole cartridge and throw the shells in the garbage
The hardest of motherfuckers could never achieve
What I've accomplished
Yungbuck's my accomplice
Located his existence with my sixth sense like a compass
And starting on a journey established to stop this
Rushing up the hearts of other niggaz to get 'em charged
What's the real reason?
All you haters try to murder me so now it's kill season
And even though I'm still bleedin'
I'm comin' after you cause I'm still breathin'
And y'all can't trace me
I bury my victims in the wall like Gacey, too lyrical
And since its nipple my umbilical these flows is critical
My music is miracle like I'm biblical
Killin' like I'm nuttier than buddy love
And still wouldn't leave a bloody glove and start the truck up
And speed the fuck up getaway smokin' this blunt
Dump the adrenaline eruptin' my veins I'm pumped up
And I'm calibrated at 360 degrees
See that's 300 niggaz that's gon die about 60 slugs to do this deed
(Psycho Drama)
We too much for the industrialistic fuck
With this on the brink of fuckin' up some shit
Dismantle, deduct some shit
It's hard to imagine what niggaz got nerves to do
(What niggaz got nerves to do)
So I guess I'll just take that fuckin' nerve from you
Then think what I'm on the verge to do
And I got the urge to ooh, let semi close yo curtains fool
From killin' the verses fool, I be one of the worstest dude
(You, the who?)
I'm the worstest workin' about 9 millimeters above your surface
Unleash these thangs then I defeat yo purpose, bitch you hurtin'
Like when a motherfucker have to go and pick up the pump
To make his opposition chest kick up and jump
When you lit up the gun to make your body get up and uhh
Like when a motherfucker have to go and pick up the pump
To make a trigger pick up and dump
So turn the bass, kick up and bump
And let the rhythm hit off the trunk
Like when a motherfucker have to go and pick up the pump
To make his opposition chest kick up and jump
When you lit up the gun to make your body get up and uhh
Like when a motherfucker have to go and pick up the pump
To make a trigger pick up and dump
So turn the bass, kick up and bump
And let the rhythm hit off the trunk
Let your adrenaline rush

So whassup, man?
Coolin', man
Chillin' chilin'? Yo, you know I had to call, you know why right?
Why?
Because, yo, I never ever call and ask you to play somethin', right?
Yeah
You know what I wanna hear, right?
Whatchu wanna hear?
I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint
Wu-Tang again?
Ah, yeah, again and again
Wu-Tang Clan comin' at ya
Watch your step kid
Watch your step kid (protect ya neck kid)
Watch your step kid (so set it off)
Watch your step kid
Watch your step kid
Watch your step kid (de Inspector Deck)
I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell raiser, raisin' hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spiderman
So uhh, tick-tock and keep tickin'
While I get ya flippin' off the shit I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger, code red, danger
Deep in the dark with the art to rip charts apart
The vandal, too hot to handle
Ya battle, you're sayin' "Goodbye" like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspector Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal
The way I make the crowd go wild, sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin on pal, call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
'Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb, shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and hit you with 16 shots and more I got
Goin' to war with the meltin' pot, akh
It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth
Movin' on your left, aah
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break full, cock me back
Small change, they puttin' shame in the game
I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame
And like Fame, my style'll live forever
Niggaz crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "sue"
'Nough respect due to the one-six-ooh
I mean ohh, yo check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggaz off because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt makes me, hu
Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with the "suuue"
Watch your step kid (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Watch your step kid (C'mon, baby baby, c'mon, baby baby)
Watch your step kid (C'mon, baby baby, c'mon)
Watch your step kid (Yo, you best protect ya neck)
First things first man you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you stepped through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter, the winter
Straight up and down that shit packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggaz be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass
For cryin' out loud my style is wild so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
Here's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit that's all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is livin' the life of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes
Yo, chill with the feedback, black we don't need that
It's ten o'clock, hoe, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feelin' mad hostile, ran the apostle
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy roll, then attack the globe with the buckus style
The ruckus, ten times ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums (we'll be)
Comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one dare, G-Gka-Genius
Take us the fuck outta here
The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what ya get when ya misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryin' to blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggaz so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
When he's lookin for a suit-and-tie-rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls, and let's have a mud fight
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck

Squaw (ah?)
Hah? Hah? (All these computers)
Oh, they want that hot shit
Shout-out my 100 clock niggas, man, my 50 clock niggas
Yo Spit, what up Curly? (All these computers)
All these social networks and these computers (huh?)
Got these niggas walking 'round like they some shooters (like they some what?)
See them in real life, they trying to bust maneuvers (hol' on, bro, hol' on, bro)
Like pussy, talk that same shit from your computer (bah-bah-bah)
Just picked the cash up, they had the boy medula (boy medula)
Call up my broski Gene, like call up the jeweler (young Gene)
I just spent some cash on a pinky ring (on a pinky ring)
Just made some brand new shmoney, what the fuck you think? (And what the fuck you think?)
And bitch, I'm heading to your city (to your city)
Just to clap up all them cities (city)
Me and JJ went from 50 (from 50)
Filled up the gas tank, it was empty (skrt, skrt, skrt)
We heading out to Philly (skrt, out to Philly)
Smoking Fronto, bitch, no filler (no filler)
I got racks all in my Billies (my Billies, bitch)
Shout-out to Slice, that's the Billy (my boy Billy, bitch)
For Kokane Shyste, I'm getting trippy (I'm getting trippy, bitch)
Right to the other side with my guys and get busy (all us get busy, bitch)
I'm shooting up the streets, not the gym (not the gym)
I'm shooting at these suckers, not the rim (not the rim)
2Pac, Above The Rim (2Pac, 2Pac, baow-baow-baow)
Put two shots in his chin (baow, baow)
Ran down, he jumped the fence (he jumped the fence)
I ran down in my Timbs (all in my Timbs)
Saw the pussy through the tints (where you goin', bitch?)
I was in that boy Memph Benz (Memph, what up bro?)
With some shit that extend (that extend)
Put two shots in his friends (you, and you, you)
For Kokane Shyste, I go in (Shyste, bitch)
For Shyste, I go in (ah, Free Shyste, bitch)
And free my dogs out the pen (ah-ah-ah, free my- ah)
They shooting shit, Jeremy Lin (Jeremy Lin)
RIP, that boy French (that boy French)
He still in Vegas with my friends (skrt, skrt)
Buying out the bar, still going in (still going in)
Flying down your mother fucking strip (skrt, skrt-skrt)
And I got court on the fifth (skrt, on the fifth)
Tell the DA, "Suck a dick", not coming in (not coming in)
Gingerbread bitch (Gingerbread, bread)
On the road, headed to that bread, bitch (to that bread, bread, bread)
Brand new shmoney (shmoney)
Bitch, I just got some brand new shmoney
So you wanna talk shit and run your mouth? (And run your mouth?)
You wanna see my black ass right in front your house? (In front your-, bitch nigga)
With some Shmurdas and the flag wrapped around my mouth (and in a Benz, nigga!)
I ain't come to talk, I came to bang it out (baow-baow-baow)
Just called them thangs up, they begging, "Bro, don't shoot him" (don't shoot him!)
But once he disrespect, it's like I gotta do it to him (I gotta do it to him, I gotta)
I just spent some cash on a 40 Glock (on a 40 Glock)
And my nigga Killa ran through like 40 Glocks (40 Glocks, bitch)
And I'm headed to your block (to your block, bitch)
Just to unload all these Glocks (all these Glocks, bitch)
My AR hold 30 shots (30 shots, bitch)
That's word to Kane, that's word to Hot (that's OG lock, bitch)
Bitch, I'm hated by many (by many!)
So I gots to keep the semi (I keep the semi)
For Kokane, we pour out Henny (and pour out Henny)
'Cause for Kokane, we done shot plenty (we done shot plenty shit)
I should say sorry to Ms. Penny (I'm sorry miss)
She caught me broad day' in the street shooting Jimmies (I'm shooting Jimmies)
I'm running niggas down in they groups (in they groups)
I'm sliding over cars while I shoot (while I shoot)
I think that I'm Tom Cruise (cruised out, cruised out, cruised out)
But, bitch, I'm Bobby with that tool (with that tool)
(I got that, baow) Run up on him, act a fool (act a fool)
Make sure I hit you, you, and you (you, you, and you; you, you, and you)
Got the drop, I let Monte loose (let Monte loose)
That's man downs in front the school (in front the school)
And we still trapping like some fools (trapping like some fools)
Bitch, I been trapping out since elementary school (elementary school)
Told my teacher "Suck a dick, I'm selling food" (I'm selling what?)
I told my teacher "Suck a dick, I'm selling food" (I'm selling work, bitch)
And free my daddy out the You-Know (out the You-Know)
He killed shit, bitch, grab a tombstone (bitch, grab a tombstone with that tool)
RIP my nigga, Pluto (nigga Pluto)
He still in Vegas with the bros (with the bros)
Loading up that thing, still smoking dope (still smoking dope)
Wylin' on the mother fucking road (I'm on the road)
And I got court on the fourth (on the fourth)
Told the DA, "Lick my balls", not getting caught (not getting caught)
Gingerbread bruh ('bread bruh)
On the road smoking hella dope, bruh
I just got a brand new burner (word to mommy)
I just got a brand new burner, Shmurda

Yeah, ay
Yeah, ay ay ay
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, ay
Ay, ay ay
I'm like bitch, who is your man's? (Aye)
Can't keep my dick in my pants (Aye)
My bitch don't love me no more (Aye)
She kick me out I'm like vro (Aye)
That bitch don't wanna be friends (Aye)
I gave her dick, she amen (Aye)
She put her tongue on my dick (Aye)
Look at my wrist, about 10 (Aye)
Just got a pound of that boof (Aye)
Brought that shit straight to the booth (Aye)
Tommy my Hilfiger voots (Aye)
She said wanna fuck bitch, I do (Aye)
You put a gun on my mans (Aye)
I put a hole in your parents (Aye)
I just got lean on my ksubis (Aye)
I got an uzi no uzi
Fuck on me, look at me, aye
Fuck on me, yeah, look at me, aye
Look at me, look at me, yeah
Fuck on me, yeah, aye
Look at me, yeah, fuck on me
Look at me, fuck on me, yeah
Look at me, fuck on me
Yeah, aye
Tell ya fuckin' nigga fuck me up, pipe up
Ain't shots our business ya know
Aye
I took a white bitch to starbucks
That lil' bitch got her throat fucked
I like to rock out I'm misfit
My emo bitch like her wrist slit
Curly hair bitch like I'm Corbin
Got like 3 bitches, I'm mormon
Skeet on your main bitch's forehead
Don't want your pussy, just want head
Look at me, fuck on me
Look at me, fuck on me
Look at me, fuck on me
Look at me, yeah aye
Look at me, fuck on me
Look at me, fuck on me
Look at me, fuck on me
Look at me, yeah[Intro: Eminem]
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired
Yo, left, yo, left
Feel weak and when you feel weak
Yo, left, right, left
You feel like you wanna just give up
Yo, left, yo left
But you gotta search within you
Yo, left, right, left
Try to find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you
Yo, left, yo left
And get that motivation to not give up
Yo, left, right, left
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad
Yo, left, yo left
You wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse
Yo, left, right, left

[Verse 1: Eminem]
'Til I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em
‘Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin' 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 'em?
Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
Amoxicillin's just not real enough
The criminal, cop-killin', hip-hop villain
A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
You're comin' with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up?
Fa' shizzle, my wizzle, this is the plot, listen up
You bizzles forgot, Slizzle does not give a fuck
[Chorus: Nate Dogg & Eminem]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' you get
When you real and you spit, and people are feelin' your shit
This is your moment, and every single minute you spend
Tryna hold on to it 'cause you may never get it again
So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over, just admit when it's at its end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in
It goes: Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie
André from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's botherin' me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me
The press's wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me!
[Chorus: Nate Dogg & Eminem]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart
And it's absurd how people hang on every word
I'll prob'ly never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first
‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could ever be worse
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack, like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launchin' at 'em
The track is on some battlin' raps, who wants some static?
‘Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest, so
[Chorus: Nate Dogg & Eminem]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

[Outro: Eminem, Nate Dogg, Eminem & Nate Dogg]
Until the roof, until the roof
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
Until my legs, until my legs
Give out from underneath me
I, I will not fall, I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me[Intro - P. Diddy]
It's Bad Boy South Niggas, Ball and G
Orange Mound, the moment you been waitin for
Collaboration, c'mon now
Let's go, let's go, let's so, c'mon

[Verse 1 - 8 Ball]
Straight from the underground, fat boy from the mound
Spit it how I live it, keep it gutter, that's how we get down
I wanna see you get it crunk, let a nigga know what hood you from
Eveybody wit me drunk as fuck, break it down, then roll it up
Back it up, a girl like you, a nigga like me can't pass it up
Rollin by, lookin good, put it in reverse then back it up
What's the deal, lemme make it clear what you got rite here
They break mold, one of a kind, fat boy witta gold mouth that shine
Hard to touch, sorry to tell you, boys out here ain't hard as us
Ball and G, part of the streets, cuz the streets are a part of us
Lay it down, please remember, games we don't play them now
Disrespect, please remember, stains we gon spray them round

[Hook]
Buss a nigga head, smack a ho, shoot the club up
Buss a nigga head, smack a ho, shoot the club up

Bitch...nigga!!!
Bitch...nigga!!!
Bitch...nigga!!!
Bitch..
You don't want drama, no!
You don't want none, no!
You don't want drama, no!
You don't want none, no!

[Verse 2 - MJG]
Get up (get up) Get crunk (get crunk)
Let's race to the trunk (to the trunk)
Get a pump, unload and dump
Fuck it, he chose to jump
In the middle of a fire, scotch and burn him, overheat him
Really mistreat him, let's Rodney King him and over beat him
MJG is the reason yo season needed seasonal spices
They needed more life and lucky yo wife was bleedin
Now your life is leavin yo body, for drinkin too much Bacardi
You should've known when you started
Never fuck with G and E
In any climate I'm shinin, floss, I'm perfect wit timin
I'm good for rippin and rhymin in and out the beat
And 8 Ball is loadin the clip, for niggas supposin to trip
And you know I'm rollin the whip, we finna set 'em free

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - 8 Ball]
8 Ball and G, get it crunk fa sho
My swagger, my flavor, my pimpin, my flow
My ho, my woman, my slacks, my denims
My backstroke in swimmin, in pools wit models in 'em
Them boys, they hate it, we hustle, we made it
We richer, the picture, is two of the greatest
[MJG]
The realest, you bump some Ball and G you gon feel it
Guaranteed, muhfucker, stamp, sign, seal it

[8 Ball]
We placin, the fakest, they don't give it up we gon take it
The realest up in in this niggas buckin, bitches shakin

[MJG]
They asses, but cash it, might be a habit
Like mics when we grab it, we cock it, we blast it

[Hook]

[Outro - P. Diddy]
So here we go, Bad Boy South
Ball and G, Orange Mound
New York collaboration
You don't want no drama, you don't want none
I see you ATL, let's tear this shit up
C'mon, c'mon...I said let's tear this shit up!
Yeah, Ball and G, Bad Boy South
Let's go, let's work these motherfuckers
Let's get this money niggas, yeah, as we proceed..[Intro: 2Pac]
Sucka-ass
I ain't got no motherfuckin' friends
That's why I fucked yo' bitch, you fat motherfucka!
(Take money) West Side, Bad Boy killas
(Take money) (You know) You know who the realest is
(Take money) niggas, we bring it too
That's a'ight, ha ha
(Take money)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
First off, fuck your bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player, but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus, Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. is some mark-ass bitches
We keep on comin' while we runnin' for your jewels
Steady gunnin', keep on bustin' at them fools, you know the rules
Lil' Caesar, go ask your homie how I'll leave ya
Cut your young-ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real Gs
Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace!
I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
Don't let the Westside ride tonight (Ha ha)
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get yo' caps peeled, you know
[Chorus: 2Pac]
See, grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit 'em up! (Yeah)

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is
I don't even know why I'm on this track
Y'all niggas ain't even on my level
I'ma let my lil' homies ride
On you bitch-made ass Bad Boy bitches, feel it!

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little Mu', pass the MAC and let me hit him in his back
Frank White needs to get spanked right for settin' traps
Little accident murderer, and I ain't never heard of ya
Poisonous gats attack when I'm servin' ya
Spank ya, shank ya whole style when I gank
Guard your rank 'cause I'ma slam your ass in the paint
Puffy weaker than the fuckin' block I'm runnin' through, nigga
And I'm smokin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. in front of you, nigga
With the ready power tucked in my Guess under my Eddie Bauer
Your clout petty/sour, I push packages every hour; I hit 'em up!
[Chorus: 2Pac]
Grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, we hit 'em up!

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Peep how we do it, keep it real as penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle
All you niggas gettin' killed with your mouths open
Tryna come up off of me, you in the clouds hopin'
Smokin' dope, it's like a sherm high
Niggas think they learned to fly
But they burn, motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talkin' about you gettin' money, but it's funny to me
All you niggas livin' bummy while you fuckin' with me
I'm a self-made millionaire
Thug livin', out of prison, pistols in the air (ha ha)
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house?
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my AK, I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up!
[Verse 4: Kadafi]
I'm from N-E-W Jers' where plenty of murders occurs
No points or commas, we bring the drama to all you herbs
Now go check the scenario: Lil' Cease
I'll bring you fake G's to your knees, coppin' pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim, is you coked up or doped up?
Get your little Junior Whopper click smoked up
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I take money, crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my click lootin', shootin' and pollutin' your block
With a 15-shot cocked Glock to your knot
Outlaw MAFIA clique movin' up another notch
And your pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
All your fake-ass East Coast props brainstormed and locked

[Verse 5: E.D.I. Mean]
You's a beat biter, a Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face, you ain't shit but a faker
Softer than Alizé with a chaser
About to get murdered for the paper
E.D.I. Mean approach the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with Little Ceas' in a choke
Gun totin' smoke, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke
Thug Life, niggas better be knowin'
We approachin' in the wide open, gun smokin'
No need for hopin', it's a battle lost
I got 'em crossed as soon as the funk is boppin' off
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

[Outro: 2Pac]
Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run, hahahaha
They don't wanna see us
Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique dressin' up tryna be us
How the fuck they gonna be the mob
When we always on our job?
We millionaires
Killin' ain't fair, but somebody gotta do it
Oh yeah, Mobb Deep, you wanna fuck with us?
You little young-ass motherfuckers
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or somethin'?
You're fuckin' with me, nigga
You fuck around and have a seizure or a heart attack
You better back the fuck up
Before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that wanna bring it, bring it!
But we ain't singin', we bringin' drama
Fuck you and yo' motherfuckin' mama!
We gon' kill all you motherfuckers!
Now when I came out I told you it was just about Biggie
Then everybody had to open their mouth
With a motherfuckin' opinion
Well, this is how we gonna do this: fuck Mobb Deep! Fuck Biggie!
Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label, and as a motherfuckin' crew!
And if you wanna be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too!
Chino XL, fuck you too!
All you motherfuckers, fuck you too!
(Take money, take money)
All of y'all motherfuckers, fuck you, die slow!
Motherfucker, my .44 make sho' all y'all kids don't grow!
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us
We motherfuckin' Thug Life ridas
Westside 'til we die!
Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya
We'll bomb on you motherfuckers! We do our job!
You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob!
Ain't nothin' but killas
And the real niggas, all you motherfuckers feel us
Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got guns under they motherfuckas belts
You know how it is: when we drop records, they felt
You niggas can't feel it, we the realest
Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy killas!